 
THE SHUDONG REGION was inundated by countless river valleys and surrounded by tall mountains. With such rugged terrain breaking up the flow of winds, much of it was thus shrouded in year-round mists.
Wei Wuxian and Lan Wangji traveled in the direction that the ghost left arm had pointed, finally happening upon a tiny village. Mud houses with thatched roofs were encircled by a number of fences. A flock of many-colored hens and chicks pecked at grain as they wandered in and out of yards, and a big, bright-feathered rooster perched on one foot upon a roof. It shook its crest, twisting its neck as it surveyed the land with pride.
Fortunately, none of the households had dogs. The villagers probably didn’t get to eat much meat themselves, let alone have extra bones to feed dogs.
The road split at the village entrance, branching off in three directions. Two of these roads were visibly worn and flattened with frequent use. The surface of the last path, however, was overgrown with weeds. A crooked, rectangular stone marker stood beside it, pointing in the same direction as the path. 
The marker was aged and weather-worn, with a massive crack that stretched from top to bottom. Stalks of withered grass poked from the cracks. Two giant characters, presumably the name of the destination the road led to, were carved into the stone. The lower character was just barely legible as “City,” but the upper character had many strokes and a complicated shape. The giant crack just happened to cut through it too, and many stone fragments had been chipped off. Wei Wuxian leaned over and peeled away the weeds, but even after studying the tablet for a long time, he couldn’t figure out what that top character was.
Of course, the direction the left arm pointed in just had to be down that road.
“Why don’t we go ask the villagers?” Wei Wuxian suggested.
Lan Wangji nodded. Needless to say, Wei Wuxian didn’t expect him to do the asking. Face splitting into a wide smile, he walked toward a gaggle of farmer ladies who were sprinkling grain, feeding the chickens. 
The women were a mix of young and old. When they saw a strange young man approaching, they all tensed, looking ready to drop their winnowing pans and escape back into their houses. Only after Wei Wuxian spoke to them, still smiling cheerfully, did they gradually calm down and begin to shyly answer his questions.
Wei Wuxian pointed at the stone marker and made an inquiry. All at once, the women’s faces changed. It was with significant hesitation that they haltingly conversed with him on the topic, pointing and gesturing. During the conversation, they didn’t dare glance at Lan Wangji, who still stood next to the stone marker. Wei Wuxian listened earnestly for a while, the corners of his lips raised the entire time. He seemed to change the subject toward the end, causing the farmer ladies to brighten, gradually relax, and bashfully return his smiles.
Lan Wangji stared at them from a distance. He waited for a while, but Wei Wuxian appeared to have no intention of returning. Lan Wangji slowly hung his head and kicked at a small rock next to his foot. He flipped and fiddled with that innocent little rock, over and over, for quite a while. When he looked up again, Wei Wuxian had taken something from his robes and passed it to the chattiest of the farmer ladies.
Lan Wangji stood there dumbly until he could endure it no longer. Just as he was about to walk over, however, Wei Wuxian finally returned, strolling leisurely back over with his hands clasped behind him.
“Hanguang-jun, you should’ve gone over,” he commented as he returned to Lan Wangji’s side. “They keep rabbits in their yard!” 
Lan Wangji did not react to this discovery. “What information did you obtain?” he said coolly, instead.
“This road leads to Yi City. The first word on the tablet is ‘Yi,’” Wei Wuxian said.
“Yi for ‘xiayi,’ chivalry?” Lan Wangji asked.
“Yes and no.”
“Please elaborate.”
“It’s the same word but a different meaning,” Wei Wuxian explained. “It’s not the yi for chivalry but the yi for yizhuang—‘charitable mortuary.’” 
They started down the road, treading on tangled weeds and leaving the stone marker behind them as Wei Wuxian continued to share his findings. 
“Those ladies said most people in Yi City are short-lived. It’s been that way for ages. Whether naturally short or violently abbreviated, their lives end early, and so the city has a lot of mortuaries to store bodies in. On top of that, the local specialties are coffins, joss paper, and other kinds of funerary goods. Their craft is exquisite, whether it be coffins or paper funerary effigies. Thus did the city get its name.” 
There were barely-perceptible dips and ruts in the road, in addition to the broken rocks and windblown weeds. While Wei Wuxian talked and walked, Lan Wangji had been watching out for his every step. 
“They said the people of their village rarely go to Yi City, and those from Yi City rarely leave it unless it’s to deliver goods. They’ve barely seen anyone in recent years, and this road has been deserted for many more. It’s going to be a difficult walk, indeed.” 
“And?” Lan Wangji prompted.
“And what?” 
“What did you give them?” 
“Oh, that? Those were cosmetics,” Wei Wuxian replied.
In Qinghe, he had purchased a small box of rouge from the fake-cultivator quack doctor while grilling him for information. He’d been carrying it on him ever since. 
“When you ask people for information, you’ve gotta give them something as thanks,” Wei Wuxian explained. “I was going to give them money at first, but they were too nervous to accept it. I noticed they really liked the scent of that rouge, like they’d never used such a thing before, so I handed it over.”
He paused briefly, then said, “Hanguang-jun, why are you looking at me like that? I know the rouge wasn’t high quality, but I don’t have flowers and accessories on me at all times to give to ladies like I did in the past. I really didn’t have anything else to give them, and it was better than nothing.”
Lan Wangji’s brows furrowed, as if the statement had evoked an unhappy memory, and he slowly turned his head away.
As they pushed forward down the difficult road, the weeds gradually withdrew and shrank back to the sides, while the road itself grew increasingly wider. The fog, meanwhile, grew thicker and thicker.
A set of dilapidated city gates appeared at the end of the long road, and the ghost left arm clenched its hand into a fist.
The turret atop the city wall had missing tiles and peeling paint, and one of the corners was chipped. The overall impression was derelict and unsightly. The city walls themselves were choked with graffiti painted by unknown individuals. The red of the city gates had practically faded to white, and every single one of the doornails had rusted black. The gates were not firmly shut. It appeared someone had pushed them slightly ajar and slipped inside.
They had yet to set foot in the city itself, but the ominous atmosphere clearly warned that this was a hellish place. A place where evil swarmed.
Wei Wuxian had been examining the area along the way. Once they reached the city gates, he commented, “What terrible feng shui.” 
Lan Wangji nodded sagely. “A despairing landscape.”
Yi City was surrounded by tall mountains and steep cliffs. The mountains tilted sharply toward the city in an oppressive, threatening manner, as if they might collapse at any moment. To be surrounded by such dark and massive mountains, hidden so shrunken and pitiful in this white fog—this place was as evil as could be. Simply standing here made one feel suffocated by anxiety, suffused with apprehension.
The saying “rich land fosters talent” had been in use since ancient times, and the opposite also held true. Some places had abominable feng shui simply due to their geography, as if the air was shrouded in lingering mildew. Those who resided in such places were commonly short-lived and doomed in all their endeavors. If they remained rooted there for generations, their ill fortune sank into the very marrow of their bones and festered there. Supernatural manifestations were also frequent in such places. Corpse reanimation, the rising of malicious ghosts, and other such things occurred far more often than usual. 
Obviously, Yi City was such a place. 
Places like these were usually remote, far from the reach of the prominent clans of the cultivation world. Of course, those clans never wanted to deal with them regardless. A Waterborne Abyss could be driven out, but the natural landscape was difficult to alter. If no one came knocking at their door crying for help, the clans kept their eyes closed and pretended to be unaware of any manifestations. 
The best way for the city’s residents to extricate themselves from their predicament was to move out, but if someone had been rooted there for generations, it was very difficult to find the resolve to leave the only home they knew. Even if more than half the people in their hometown were short-lived, perhaps they would be one of the lucky ones, they might think. Such thoughts made things seem bearable.
Wei Wuxian and Lan Wangji came to the city gates and exchanged a look. 
Creeeak. The gate, misaligned due to the axles buckling under its hefty weight, slowly swung open. 
The sight that greeted them was not a bustling street, nor lurching fierce corpses. There was nothing but white. 
Thick fog permeated the air. It was several orders thicker than the fog outside the city walls, and they had to strain to make out a long, straight street ahead with houses on either side. Not a single person could be seen. 
The two instinctively shuffled a couple of steps closer to each other before entering the city together.
Though it was daytime, it was still and quiet within the city. Not only were there no human voices to be heard, but even the clucking of chickens or barking of dogs was absent. Extremely strange.
Then again, since this was the destination indicated by the ghost left arm, it would be strange for the place to not be abnormal.
They walked along the long street for a while. The deeper they entered the city, the thicker the white fog grew, as if the air overflowed with evil energy. At first, they could still see about ten steps ahead. Then only five steps. Finally, they could hardly see their own outstretched fingers. The farther Wei Wuxian and Lan Wangji walked, the closer they pressed together, touching shoulders in order to be able to see each other’s faces. 
A thought surfaced in Wei Wuxian’s mind: If someone took advantage of this fog and snuck in between us, making us a group of three instead of two, we might not even notice. 
Just then, his foot kicked something. He looked down but couldn’t make out what it was. Wei Wuxian grabbed Lan Wangji’s hand so he wouldn’t walk off on his own and bent down, squinting to get a closer look. 
A human head, its eyes bulging with fury, assaulted his vision through the fog.
The head bore the appearance of a man: thick-browed and large-eyed, with unusually bright circles of blush on either side of his cheeks. Wei Wuxian had almost sent it flying when he kicked it, so he was aware of its weight—aware that it was too light to be a real head. He picked it up and squeezed it, and the man’s cheeks caved in, smearing the blush in the process.
So, it was a human head made of paper.
The paper head was remarkably lifelike. While the makeup was exaggerated, its five features were quite exquisite. Yi City specialized in the production of funerary items, so the quality of their paper effigies was naturally excellent. 
Funerary paper effigies included something known as a Substitute Doll. Folk belief held that when a Substitute Doll was burned for the deceased, they could suffer in hell on their behalf, scaling the mountain of knives and plunging into the cauldron of boiling oil in their stead. There were also maids and beauties to serve the forebear in the netherworld, massaging their backs and legs. Of course, these were nothing but comforts the living craved for their own solace. 
This paper head, then, should be from a Yin Muscleman. The Yin Muscleman, as its name implied, was a hired roughneck. It was said that once it went down below, it could protect the forebear from being bullied by malicious ghosts or wily judges, and would ensure that joss money burned for the forebear wouldn’t get snatched up by beastly little ghouls. The head must’ve originally had a large, solid paper body to match, but someone had torn it off and tossed it onto the street.
Countless strands of lustrous, ebony-black hair flowed from the paper scalp. Wei Wuxian reached out and felt it, finding the hair firmly attached to the scalp, as if it had naturally grown there. This craftsmanship really is excellent. Was real hair used and glued in place? 
Suddenly a scrawny little shadow darted right past him.
The appearance of this shadow was highly strange. It brushed right by him and ran past, disappearing into the thick fog in a flash. Bichen unsheathed on its own and attempted pursuit before it promptly returned and sheathed itself once more.
The thing that had scurried past him was much too fast—certainly too fast for a human! 
“Keep your eyes open and be on alert,” Lan Wangji cautioned.
Although it had simply brushed past, there was no telling what it might do next time. 
Wei Wuxian stood up. “Did you catch that just now?”
“The sound of footsteps and a bamboo pole,” Lan Wangji answered. 
Indeed. In that short encounter, aside from the sound of frantic footsteps, they’d heard another strange sound. The da-da-da was crisp and clear, similar to a bamboo pole beating the ground in rapid taps. What had caused such a sound? 
Just then, they heard more footsteps ahead in the dense fog.
This time the footsteps were very light, very slow, and also numerous and varied. It seemed to be a number of people cautiously approaching, attempting to remain undetected. Wei Wuxian flicked his hand, flipped out a yin-burning talisman, and casually sent it off in that direction. If anything ahead was boiling with resentment, the talisman would burn and the resulting firelight could at least brighten the area.
The newcomers ahead realized someone had thrown something at them and retaliated instantly. Multiple sword glares in a rainbow of colors, scathing and murderous, came hurtling at them. Bichen leisurely unsheathed itself and traced a half-circle before Wei Wuxian, beating all the sword glares back. The group of newcomers was battered into total confusion. 
Having heard their angry noises, however, Lan Wangji immediately withdrew Bichen while Wei Wuxian wondered aloud:
“Jin Ling? Sizhui?”
He was not mistaken. Jin Ling’s voice echoed from within the white fog. “You again?!” 
“That’s what I was gonna say!” Wei Wuxian said.
Lan Sizhui’s voice was filled with delight, despite his best attempts at restraining himself. “Mo-gongzi, you’re here too? Does that mean Hanguang-jun has also come?” 
Jin Ling immediately shut up when he heard Lan Wangji might be there, as if the silencing spell had been cast upon him. Clearly, he was scared he’d be disciplined if caught in the act of any wrongdoing. 
In contrast, Lan Jingyi also shouted, “He must’ve! That was Bichen just now, right?! That was Bichen?!” 
“Yeah, he’s here. He’s right beside me as we speak,” Wei Wuxian replied. “Come over here quick, all of you.” 
Learning the ones before them were friends rather than foes, the group of youths reacted as if they’d just been saved. Everyone hastily gathered together. Aside from Jin Ling and the Lan juniors, there were also seven or eight boys in the uniforms of other clans, the hesitation on their faces still unfaded. They were likely juniors from other highly-regarded cultivation clans. 
“Why are you all here?” Wei Wuxian asked. “Attacking so fiercely right away—thank goodness I have Hanguang-jun here with me! What if you hurt ordinary folks?!” 
Jin Ling rebutted, “There’re no ordinary folks here. There’s no one in this city at all!”
Lan Sizhui nodded. “Evil miasma pervades all, even under the light of day. Moreover, not a single store is open!”
“That’s not important,” Wei Wuxian said. “How did you all manage to gather here? Don’t tell me you guys arranged to come out as a group for a Night Hunt?” 
Jin Ling had an imperious temperament and a certain tendency to pick fights with anyone he considered intolerable—which was, in fact, everyone. Taking into account the previous friction between Jin Ling and the Lan juniors, how could they have willingly gone on a Night Hunt together?
Lan Sizhui, who was the kind to answer every question posed to him, explained accordingly. “That’s a long story. We were originally…”
Right then, the unusually piercing sound of bamboo hitting the ground came from within the dense fog. Ka-ka-ka, da-da-da.
Startled, the juniors’ faces changed color. “It’s here again!”
The sound of bamboo hitting the ground would come suddenly and disappear equally suddenly. Sometimes far, sometimes near. It was impossible to determine its location, nor its source.
“Gather close and don’t move. Don’t draw your swords either,” Wei Wuxian said.
The juniors frantically brandishing swords in this dense fog would probably end with them injuring themselves before the enemy suffered any blows. A moment later, the sound came to an abrupt stop. 
After a long silence, one of the clan juniors whispered, “It’s that thing again… How long is it going to keep following us?!” 
“It’s been following you guys?” Wei Wuxian asked.
“We stayed together since we entered the city, afraid of losing each other with how thick this fog is. And then we suddenly heard that noise. It wasn’t this fast at first, and it only came every so often, with long intervals of peace. We even saw a small, indistinct figure in the fog ahead of us, but when we ran over, it had already disappeared. That sound has followed us ever since.”
“How small?” Wei Wuxian asked.
Lan Sizhui gestured near his chest. “Very much so. Quite petite.” 
“How long have you guys been here?” Wei Wuxian asked.
“Almost half an incense time,” Lan Sizhui replied.
“Half an incense time?” Wei Wuxian turned around. “Hanguang-jun, how long have we been here?” 
Lan Wangji’s voice came through the haze of the white fog. “Nearly one incense time.” 
“You see?” Wei Wuxian said. “We’ve been here longer, so how did you manage to get ahead of us? And only bump into us when you doubled back?”
Jin Ling finally cut in, despite himself. “But we didn’t double back! We’ve been following this road forward.” 
If they were all going forward, then could this road have been tampered with? Turned into a recursive maze array?
“Have you tried mounting your swords to fly up and look down from above?” Wei Wuxian asked.
“Yes,” Lan Sizhui answered. “It felt like I’d flown up a very long distance, but in reality, I didn’t rise very high at all. Moreover, there were some blurry black shadows scurrying about in the air. I was afraid I wouldn’t be able to handle them, so I came back down.” 
Silence blanketed the group. Shudong was a region rife with fog to begin with, so they’d paid the white fog of Yi City no mind in the beginning. However, it was beginning to look like this wasn’t a naturally occurring fog but an evil miasma instead.
Lan Jingyi was alarmed. “This fog isn’t poisonous, is it?!” 
“Probably not,” Wei Wuxian said. “We’ve been standing in it for a long time, and we’re still alive.” 
“Had I known, I would’ve brought Fairy with me,” Jin Ling said. “It’s all the fault of that damned donkey of yours!” 
When Wei Wuxian heard the dog’s name, goosebumps shivered down his back. 
Lan Jingyi shot back, “We didn’t even blame your dog! It was the one who bit first and got walloped by Little Apple’s hooves for it, so who’s the one at fault? Either way, neither of them can move right now!” 
“What?!” Wei Wuxian cut in. “My Little Apple got bitten by a dog?!”
Jin Ling scoffed. “How can you compare that donkey to my spirit dog? Fairy was a special gift to me from my little uncle!1 I’m telling you, if anything happens to it, even ten thousand donkeys won’t be enough recompense!” 
Wei Wuxian easily derailed this argument with some nonsense of his own. “Don’t you go trying to intimidate people with Lianfang-zun’s name. Furthermore, Little Apple is a steed that Hanguang-jun gifted me! Why would you guys bring Little Apple down the mountain to a Night Hunt? And allow it to be injured too?!” 
“Liar!” the Lan juniors responded as one. They refused to believe that Hanguang-jun, with his taste and class, would pick such a steed as a gift. Even though Lan Wangji didn’t refute the statement, they vehemently refused to believe it. 
“Um…sorry, Mo-gongzi,” Lan Sizhui explained. “Your Little A…donkey was making a racket every day at the Cloud Recesses. The seniors have been complaining for a long time. They told us we must drive it out the next time we descend the mountain for a Night Hunt, so we…”
Jin Ling also wasn’t convinced the spotted donkey was a gift from Lan Wangji. “I loathe the sight of that donkey. And what’s with that name, ‘Little Apple’? So stupid!” 
Lan Jingyi, thinking such harsh words would be unwise if the donkey really was a gift from Hanguang-jun, jumped to its defense. “What’s wrong with the name ‘Little Apple,’ huh? It likes to eat apples, so it’s called Little Apple. How sensible! It’s leagues better than you naming your fat dog ‘Fairy’!”
“How is Fairy fat?!” Jin Ling retorted furiously. “I dare you to find another spirit dog more agile…”
All of a sudden, everything went quiet.
After a few moments, Wei Wuxian asked, “Is anyone still here?” 
There was a wave of uhh and woo, indicating they were all still around. 
Lan Wangji replied coldly, “Clamor.”
…So he’d actually silenced everyone at once. Wei Wuxian felt his own lips despite himself, feeling rather lucky.
At that moment, they heard footsteps ahead and to their left.
They sounded clumsy, pausing after every step. Soon after, the same noise could be heard in front, on the right, on the side, behind them—all around. Although the fog was too thick to see anything clearly, the stench of rot had already permeated the air.
Of course, Wei Wuxian didn’t care about mere walking corpses. He blew a soft whistle with a rising end note, embedded with the intent to expel. When the walking corpses hidden in the fog heard that whistle, they faltered as expected.
Then the next second, they unexpectedly came hurtling over!
Never in his life could Wei Wuxian have imagined his expulsion command not just being ineffective but aggravating the walking corpses on top of that. He would never have mixed up the commands for “expulsion” and “aggravate”! But there was no time for him to think further. Seven or eight wobbling figures surfaced from the depths of the white fog. If they were visible through the thickness of Yi City’s fog, then that meant they had already gotten very close!
Bichen’s icy blue sword glare broke through the white fog. It slashed a sharp circle around the group, cutting the many walking corpses right at the waist, before swiftly returning to its scabbard. Wei Wuxian breathed a sigh of relief. 
Under his breath, Lan Wangji murmured quietly: “Why?” 
Wei Wuxian was pondering the same question. Why did the whistle order fail to expel those walking corpses? With such a slow gait and rotten stench, they can’t be high level. They should’ve been the type to flee in fright if I simply clapped. It’s not like whistling runs on spiritual power. It’s impossible for it to just suddenly lose its effectiveness. This has never…
Abruptly a realization hit him, and a light sheen of sweat sprung up on his back.
No. It wasn’t that this had never happened before. It had, and not just once. There was indeed a kind of fierce corpse or malicious spirit he couldn’t command—the ones already under the control of the Yin Tiger Tally! 
Lan Wangji undid the silence spell and Lan Sizhui could speak again. “Hanguang-jun, is the situation very dangerous? Should we leave the city immediately?” 
“But with the fog so thick and the road impassable… And we can’t fly out…”
One of the other clan juniors said, “I think there’s more walking corpses coming this way!” 
“Where? I didn’t hear any footsteps!”
“I thought I heard strange breathing…” But the boy trailed off in embarrassment, realizing how silly he sounded the moment the words left his lips. 
Another boy mocked, “I gotta hand it to you. Breathing. Those walking corpses are dead people, how can there be the sound of breathing?” 
Just as he spoke, another burly figure lunged over. Bichen unsheathed once more, and the figure’s head and body split with a strange popping noise. The clan juniors near it all screamed.
Worried they’d been injured, Wei Wuxian quickly called out. “What’s wrong?” 
“Something spurted from that walking corpse,” Lan Jingyi said. “It looks like some sort of powder. It’s bitter and sweet, and rank!” 
He’d wanted to speak, but with extremely unlucky timing, had inhaled an abundance of powder when he opened his mouth. Disregarding all thoughts of proper conduct, he spat and sputtered a number of times. 
The powder that had erupted from the walking corpse was no small matter. It was still wreaking havoc in the air around them, and if it found its way into their lungs, the effects would be much more dire than simply getting a mouthful of the stuff. 
“Stand further away from that area, all of you!” Wei Wuxian ordered. “And you, come over here and let me take a look.” 
“Okay,” Lan Jingyi answered. “But I don’t see you. Where are you?” 
Visibility was so low that it made moving around difficult. Remembering that Bichen’s light cut through the white fog every time it was unsheathed, Wei Wuxian turned to address Lan Wangji.
“Hanguang-jun, draw your sword for a moment so he can come over.” 
Lan Wangji was standing right next to him. But he did not respond, nor did he move.
Suddenly, about seven steps away, there was a flash of translucent, icy blue sword light.
…Lan Wangji was over there?
Then who was the one standing beside him in silence this whole time?
Suddenly, Wei Wuxian’s vision went black. A darkened face loomed in his vision. It was dark because it was covered by a thick, dense layer of black smoke! 
This smoke-masked person grabbed at the evil-sealing qiankun pouch that hung from his waist. But the qiankun pouch abruptly swelled, breaking the strings tying it shut. Three malicious spirits, entangled as one and all boiling with resentment, burst from the bag and charged forth! 
Wei Wuxian laughed. “Oh, you wanted to steal the evil-sealing qiankun pouch? Then you should get your eyes checked. What are you doing grabbing my spirit-trapping pouch?”
Ever since the encounter at the cemetery of the Chang Clan of Yueyang, when Wei Wuxian and Lan Wangji had taken the torso that the gravedigger had unearthed and forced them to retreat, they had been on the lookout. They figured they wouldn’t give up so easily but would seek to wrest the torso from their possession at an opportune moment. Sure enough, when they entered Yi City, the gravedigger had taken advantage of the thick fog and the crowd to make a move. And they’d certainly succeeded…except Wei Wuxian had long since swapped the evil-sealing qiankun pouch carrying the ghost left arm with his spirit-trapping pouch. 
Schwing. The other leapt backward and drew a sword. Spite-filled, resentful screeching immediately followed from the malicious spirits, thrown into confusion by that single slash.
An individual with high cultivation, just as I suspected, Wei Wuxian thought. He quickly called out, “Hanguang-jun, that grave-robbing guy is here!”
There was no need for the reminder. Lan Wangji’s ears alone told him there was a problem. He remained silent, with Bichen’s swift, relentless movement his only response.
The situation wasn’t good. The gravedigger’s sword was covered in black smoke to prevent its glare from shining through, and it was well hidden within the white fog to begin with—while Bichen could not block its own light at all. He was in the light, the enemy was in the dark, and their opponent’s cultivation was not low—not to mention they were familiar with the sword techniques of the Lan Clan of Gusu. On top of that, while they were both fighting blind in the miasma, the gravedigger could strike without reservation while Lan Wangji had to be careful not to injure his own party by mistake. Truly, he was at a grave disadvantage. 
Wei Wuxian listened to the sounds of the clashing blades, and his heart lurched. He blurted out, “Lan Zhan? Are you injured?!”
From the distance came a muffled grunt, as if a vital point had been injured, but it was obviously not Lan Wangji’s voice.
“Impossible,” Lan Wangji replied.
Wei Wuxian laughed. “True!” 
Their opponent seemed to sneer and then brandished the sword to fight again. Bichen’s light and the sound of clashing swords moved farther and farther away. Wei Wuxian knew Lan Wangji had intentionally shifted the battleground to deal with the gravedigger, not wanting to hurt them by mistake. And so, the rest was up to him.
He spun around and questioned aloud, “How is everyone who breathed in the powder doing?”
“They’re having trouble standing!” Lan Sizhui replied.
Wei Wuxian said, “Gather here at the center and give me a head count.” 
Thankfully, once the wave of walking corpses had been taken care of and the gravedigger led away, nothing else moved to harass them—not even the sound of the bamboo tapping upon the ground. The remaining clan juniors gathered together and counted their numbers. No one was missing. Wei Wuxian took Lan Jingyi and felt his forehead, which was a bit hot. It was the same for the other boys who had breathed in the powder the walking corpse spewed. 
He peeled back one of Lan Jingyi’s eyelids and said, “Stick out your tongue and let me see. Aah…”
Lan Jingyi obliged. “Aah…”
“Yup. Congratulations, you’ve got corpse poisoning,” Wei Wuxian said.
“What’s there to congratulate?!” Jin Ling barked.
“It’s an experience, a tale to tell when you’re old,” Wei Wuxian said.
Normally one contracted corpse poisoning from being scratched or bitten by turned corpses, or from having a wound contaminated by a turned corpse’s tainted blood. Very rarely did cultivators allow a walking corpse to get close enough to scratch or bite, and so no one made a habit of carrying the antidote on them.
Lan Sizhui was very worried. “Mo-gongzi, will anything happen to them?”
“Not immediately,” Wei Wuxian replied. “But once it’s in their bloodstream and makes it to the heart, then it’s buh-bye.”
“What…what will happen?” Lan Sizhui asked.
“Whatever the corpse is like is what you’ll turn into,” Wei Wuxian said. “Best case scenario, you’ll just rot and stink. Worst case you’ll turn into a long-haired jiangshi, doomed to hop about forevermore.”
The poisoned juniors all drew in a sharp breath.
“You wanna be cured, yeah?” Wei Wuxian pressed.
They all nodded emphatically. 
“If you want to be cured, listen up. From now on, heed well my every word. Every single one of you.”
While a good number of the boys still didn’t know who he was, they had seen how familiarly he treated Hanguang-jun, addressing him like a peer of the same generation, to the point of calling him by his birth name. They were also stuck in this eerie city choked with evil miasma, and furthermore, currently poisoned, feverish, and generally anxious and fearful. They instinctively wanted someone to depend on, and the way Wei Wuxian spoke carried an inexplicable confidence, as if there were nothing to be afraid of. This made it easy for him to lead them around by the nose. 
They answered in unison: “Okay!” 
Wei Wuxian received an inch and went on to take a mile. “You’ll do everything I say without objections, understand?” 
“Yes!” 
Wei Wuxian clapped. “Everybody, on your feet. The unpoisoned will carry the poisoned. Best haul them on your backs, but if it takes two of you to lift them, remember to have their head and heart elevated over the rest of their body.” 
Lan Jingyi protested, “I can walk, you know. Why do I have to be carried?” 
“Well, gege,” Wei Wuxian began sarcastically. “If you gambol around, your blood will circulate faster and reach your heart faster too. So, you have to move less. Ideally not at all.” 
One of the boys on the back of his sectmate grumbled, “The corpse that spurted out that poisonous powder really was breathing...” 
“I already told you,” the boy carrying him said gruffly. “If it can breathe, then it’s a living human.” 
Lan Sizhui said, “Mo-gongzi, we’re ready. Where are we going?” 
As usual, Lan Sizhui was the most well behaved, obedient, and untroublesome of the lot. Wei Wuxian said, “There’s no way we can leave the city for the time being. Go knock on doors.” 
“Knock on what doors?” Jin Ling asked.
Wei Wuxian turned that question over in his mind for a moment. “…Does anything else have doors, other than houses?”
“You want us to go into those houses?” Jin Ling demanded. “It’s perilous enough outside! Who knows what’s hiding inside those houses, spying on us?!” 
The moment those words left his lips, everyone immediately felt like there really were many pairs of eyes hiding in the thick fog, within the houses, intently watching their every move and listening to their every word. It gave them the creeps. 
Wei Wuxian said, “You’re not wrong. It’s hard to say if it’s more dangerous out here or indoors. But since it’s already this bad outside, no matter how terrible the inside is, it can’t be much worse. Go on, then. There’s no time to lose, we’ve got poison to cure.”
Having already promised as such, the group had to do as he said. Following Wei Wuxian’s instructions, everyone held on to the scabbard of the person in front of them to avoid losing each other in the fog and knocked on one door after the other. Jin Ling banged heavily for a long time but heard no response from within. 
“There doesn’t seem to be anyone inside. Let’s go in.”
Wei Wuxian’s voice came drifting over. “Who told you to only go in if there’s no one inside? Keep knocking. We want to enter an occupied house.” 
“You want an occupied one too?!” Jin Ling demanded.
“Yup. Knock properly. You were knocking too hard just now, it’s very rude,” Wei Wuxian scolded.
Jin Ling was so angry that he almost kicked down the wooden door, but in the end, he only…stomped his foot petulantly. 
Every house on the long street had their doors shut tight, and no matter how much they knocked, they remained silent. The more Jin Ling knocked, the more irritated he became, though he did lighten his knocks significantly. Lan Sizhui, on the other hand, was good-humored the entire time. When they came to knock at the thirteenth shop, he repeated the same question he’d repeated many times before: 
“Is anyone here?” 
Suddenly the door moved slightly, cracking open a thin, black slit. It was very dark inside, and nothing was visible through the crack. Nor did the one who opened the door speak a word. The closest boys took an unconscious step back.
Lan Sizhui composed himself and asked, “May I ask if you are the shopkeeper?” 
It was a while before a strange, old, and hoarse voice leaked from the crack. “Yes.”
Wei Wuxian approached, patted Lan Sizhui’s shoulder to have him move back, and then spoke up. “Shopkeeper, this is our first time in the area, and we got lost because of the thick fog. We’re a little tired from walking for so long, might we be able to take a brief rest in your store?” 
The strange voice replied, “This shop of mine is not a place for rest.” 
Wei Wuxian acted as if he found nothing amiss. He said, looking perfectly normal, “But there doesn’t seem to be anyone occupying the other stores. Will you really not grant us this reprieve? We’ll pay a handsome sum.” 
Jin Ling couldn’t help but comment, “And where did you get the money to pay a handsome sum? Let’s get this clear right now, I’m not lending you any money.” 
Wei Wuxian swung an exquisite little money pouch in front of his eyes. “Do you see what this is?” 
Lan Jingyi was greatly alarmed. “The audacity! That belongs to Hanguang-jun!” 
As they quarreled, the door opened a little further. Though the interior of the house still wasn’t visible, they could now at least see that the one standing behind the door was an expressionless old lady with a head of grayish-white hair. Although her back was hunched and she looked aged at first glance, she actually didn’t have too many wrinkles or age spots. Calling her an auntie would’ve been appropriate too. 
She opened the door and then stepped aside. It would appear she had relented.
Jin Ling, greatly surprised, mumbled in a small voice, “She’s really letting us in?”
Wei Wuxian whispered back, “Of course. I’ve got one foot stuck in the crack, so she can’t close the door even if she wants to. If she didn’t let us in, I would’ve just kicked it down.”
“…” Jin Ling commented.
Yi City was already unnatural and eerie. Its residents were hardly ordinary either. This old lady was suspicious enough to have the juniors all grumbling in their heads, but although they loathed the thought of going inside a thousand times over—no, a million times—there was nowhere else to go. Desperate times called for desperate measures. They had no choice but to pick up their poisoned companions, who were standing stiff and afraid to move, and enter the shop one by one. 
The old lady watched impassively, guarding the door. Once they were all inside, she immediately closed it. The interior was instantly plunged into total darkness once more. 
Wei Wuxian asked, “Might Madame Shopkeeper turn on the light?” 
“The light’s on the table. Turn it on yourself,” the old lady replied. 
Lan Sizhui just so happened to be standing next to a table, so he groped around carefully until he came upon an oil lamp, smearing his hand with years of built-up dust in the process. He flipped out a fire talisman, but just as he brought it close to the wick of the lamp, he unwittingly glanced up. In that instant, chills shot from the soles of his feet to the top of his head. Boom. He was paralyzed with fear. 
The main room of this shop was crammed full of people, packed densely elbow-to-elbow, all staring unblinkingly at them with bulging eyes!





He unconsciously slackened his grip. Before the oil lamp dropped to the ground, however, Wei Wuxian saved it. He leisurely swiped the burning fire talisman still in Lan Sizhui’s hand and lit the wick before placing the lamp back on the table.
“Did granny make all these? Such excellent craftsmanship,” Wei Wuxian complimented.
Only then did the group realize that the people packed into this house weren’t real humans but a crowd of paper effigies.
The faces, heads, and bodies of the effigies were all sized like those of real people and exquisitely made. There were men and women, even children. The men were all Yin Musclemen, tall and well built, faces enraged. The women were all beauties with their hair coiffed in either the double-ring style or the top loose bun style. Their figures were noticeably slender and graceful despite being covered by their large paper robes, the patterns on which were finer than those of real brocade. Some were painted, heavy with vivid red and green, while some were left starkly, blank white. Every single one of the paper effigies had giant blush-circles applied to their cheeks to mimic the color on the faces of the living. However, none of their pupils had been dotted to finalize the work, leaving the sockets white. The richer the blush, the ghastlier they appeared.
There was another table inside the center room, and upon it were several candles of various heights. Wei Wuxian lit every single one, and the golden light brightened a good half of the house. Apart from the paper effigies, there were two large floral wreaths set on the left and right sides of the central room, and joss money of both bills and taels was piled in small heaps in the corners.
Jin Ling had drawn one third of his sword at first, but on seeing that this was nothing but a shop that sold funerary goods, he let out an imperceptible sigh of relief and sheathed it. Even when a cultivator passed away, the cultivation clans never carried out these messy and gloomy folk ceremonies. The boys had rarely seen anything like this, so after the initial fright had passed, their curiosity flared and they felt goosebumps all over. Truly, this was more exciting than hunting an average yao beast on a Night Hunt. 
No matter how thick the fog was, it didn’t enter the house. This was the first time since entering Yi City that they could easily see each other’s faces, and it put them more at ease. Seeing them relax, Wei Wuxian turned to the old lady once more. 
“May I borrow the kitchen?” 
The old lady, who didn’t seem to appreciate the firelight, was practically shooting death glares at the oil lamp. “The kitchen is in the back. Help yourself.” 
Then she ducked into another room like she was hiding from the God of Misfortune. She slammed the door extremely loudly, making everyone jump. 
Jin Ling said, “There must be something odd going on with that old witch! You…”
“All right, that’s enough,” Wei Wuxian cut him off. “I need a hand, who’s coming with me?” 
Lan Sizhui quickly responded, “I’ll come.” 
Lan Jingyi was still standing as straight as a broom. “Then what about me?” 
“Keep standing. Don’t move unless I tell you to,” Wei Wuxian said.
Lan Sizhui followed Wei Wuxian to the kitchen in the back. The moment they entered, a putrid stench assaulted their faces. Lan Sizhui had never smelled anything so horrible in his entire life. His head swam for a moment, but he managed not to retreat. Jin Ling followed them in but then hopped immediately back out, fanning himself desperately for air. 
“What the hell is this smell?! Why are you wasting time here instead of coming up with a cure?!” 
“Hm? Oh, perfect timing,” Wei Wuxian said. “How did you know I wanted to call you over? Come and help.”
“I’m not here to help!” Jin Ling barked. “Ugh! Did someone forget to bury the body after they killed it?!” 
“Young Mistress Jin, are you coming or not? If you’re coming, get in here and help. If not, go sit outside and ask someone else to come over,” Wei Wuxian said.
Jin Ling flew into a rage. “Who’s Young Mistress Jin?! Watch what you say!!” He pinched his nose for a while, dillydallied for a while, and then finally humphed. “Well, I gotta see what the hell you’re up to.” 
And thus, he lifted his hems and stormed furiously over the threshold. Unexpectedly, however, Wei Wuxian opened a box on the ground with a bang. That was where the awful smell was emanating from. A leg of pork and a chicken were sealed in that box, and the once-pink meat had turned completely green. It was pockmarked with little white larvae that coiled about.
Jin Ling was effectively forced back out again. Wei Wuxian picked up the box and passed it to him. 
“Go toss this out. Anywhere’s fine, as long as we don’t smell it.” 
Jin Ling had a stomach filled with nausea and a head filled with misgivings, but he still obeyed and tossed the box out. He took out a handkerchief to violently wipe his hands, then tossed that handkerchief out as well. When he returned, Wei Wuxian and Lan Sizhui were unexpectedly washing the kitchen, having drawn two buckets of water. 
“What are you two doing?” Jin Ling demanded.
“Washing the stovetop, as you can see,” Lan Sizhui replied as he wiped diligently.
“Why wash that? It’s not like we’re cooking,” Jin Ling said.
“Who said we aren’t?” Wei Wuxian said. “Of course we’re cooking. Come and help dust, get rid of those cobwebs up there.”
He spoke with such conviction, so matter-of-factly, that when Jin Ling was randomly handed a broom, he confusedly began to do as he was told. The more he dusted, however, the more he felt something was wrong. But just as he was about to hurl the broom at Wei Wuxian’s head, Wei Wuxian opened another box, and he dashed out in alarm. Thankfully there was no foul smell to assault their noses this time.
The three moved quickly, and soon the kitchen looked brand new. There were finally signs of life, and it no longer entirely resembled a decades-abandoned haunted house. There was chopped wood readily available in the corner, and they piled it into the hearth of the stove and kindled the flames with a fire talisman. They then placed a large newly washed pot on the stove to boil some water. Wei Wuxian poured glutinous rice from the second box, washed every grain, and then dropped the rice into the pot.
“You’re making congee?” Jin Ling asked.
“Mhm,” Wei Wuxian replied.
Jin Ling slapped the rag down. Wei Wuxian admonished him, “Look at you, losing your temper after doing only a bit of work. Look at Sizhui—he’s worked the hardest, but has he said anything? What’s so bad about congee?”
Jin Ling retorted, “What’s so good about congee? Watery and tasteless! Wait, no… You think I’m angry about the taste of congee?!”
“Either way, it’s not for you,” Wei Wuxian said.
Jin Ling was even more incensed by that. “What did you say? I worked for so long and I don’t get a bite?!”
Lan Sizhui spoke up, “Mo-gongzi, could it be that this congee can cure corpse poisoning?”
Wei Wuxian smiled. “Yes, but the cure isn’t the congee, it’s the glutinous rice. It’s a folk remedy. Usually, you apply the glutinous rice to scratches or bite wounds. In the event you guys ever wind up in the same situation again, you can give it a try. It might hurt a lot, but it’s definitely effective, and you’ll see instant results. But they weren’t scratched or bitten. They breathed in toxic powder, so we can only make glutinous rice congee for them to eat.”
Understanding dawned on Lan Sizhui. “No wonder you were so adamant about going into a house, and specifically an occupied one. Only places where people live would have kitchens and therefore glutinous rice.” 
“Who knows how long this rice has been sitting around or whether it’s still edible?” Jin Ling said. “Besides, it’s been at least a year since anyone’s used this kitchen—it’s all dusty, and even the meat is rotten. Did that old lady not need to eat this year? There’s no way she knows how to pull off inedia, so how did she manage to survive?” 
Wei Wuxian calmly replied, “Either this house has always been empty and she isn’t the owner of the store at all, or she doesn’t need to eat.”
Lan Sizhui said in a hushed voice, “Not needing to eat would make one a citizen of the dead. But that granny is obviously breathing.” 
Wei Wuxian randomly added whatever was in a series of bottles and jars to the pot, mixing them in with a spatula as he spoke. “Oh yeah, you guys weren’t done telling your story. How did you all end up coming to Yi City together? There’s no way you just so happened to run into us again by chance.” 
The two boys immediately turned solemn. Jin Ling replied, “Me, those Lans, and the ones from other clans—we were all chasing something. I came from Qinghe.” 
Lan Sizhui added, “We came from Langye.” 
“What something?” Wei Wuxian asked.
Lan Sizhui shook his head. “Not a clue. It’s never shown itself, and none of us know exactly what it is, or who…or what organization.”
Many days ago, after Jin Ling sent his uncle away on a wild goose chase and released Wei Wuxian, he’d been worried that Jiang Cheng really would break his legs. So he decided to slip away in secret, disappear for maybe half a month, and reappear after Jiang Cheng’s temper had cooled. He handed off Zidian to one of Jiang Cheng’s trusted subordinates and fled. 
During his escape, he came to a small city at the border of Qinghe in the hopes of finding a good Night Hunt location. He stopped to rest at a large inn, and was memorizing incantations in his room that night when Fairy, who had been lying at his feet, suddenly started barking at the door. It was already late, and Jin Ling scolded the spirit dog to stop barking, but then he heard a knock.
Although Fairy had stopped barking, it was still agitated, scratching the ground furiously with its sharp claws as its throat rumbled with low growls. Jin Ling went on alert and sharply demanded to know who was at the door. Since there was no response, he ignored it. But an hour later, the sound of knocking came again.
Jin Ling hopped out of the window with Fairy in tow, then went around the building and rounded the stairs from the level above. He was ready to strike this person from behind, catch them off guard, and see exactly who was playing tricks in the middle of the night. Unexpectedly, he found only empty air. Even after spying on his door in secret for a while, he saw no one. 
He kept his eyes open and had Fairy guard the door, ready to attack anyone lurking about at a moment’s notice. They didn’t sleep the entire night, but nothing else happened—except that he kept hearing a strange noise, a sound like dripping water.
Early the next morning, a scream came from outside the door. Jin Ling kicked the door open and rushed out, stepping right into a pool of blood. Something fell from above the door, only narrowly missing Jin Ling as he ducked back.
A black cat! 
Someone had nailed a dead cat above his door without his knowledge. The strange sound he’d heard in the middle of the night was the dripping of the cat’s blood.
“I switched between a number of inns, and the same thing kept happening,” Jin Ling said. “So I decided to take the initiative and pursue the culprit. Whenever I heard about the body of a dead cat randomly appearing somewhere, I’d go there to check it out. I had to uncover who was playing these foul tricks.” 
Wei Wuxian turned to Lan Sizhui. “Are you guys the same?” 
Lan Sizhui nodded. “Yes. Many days ago, we were Night Hunting in Langye. One night, during dinner, the head of a cat—with its pelt still intact—was suddenly ladled up from the soup… At first, we didn’t know it was targeting us. But that same day, when we switched to a different inn to rest, another dead cat was discovered in the bedding. This went on for days. We followed it all the way to Yueyang, where we ran into Jin-gongzi. We discovered we were all investigating the same case, so we joined forces. It was only today that we found our way to this region. When we asked a huntsman in the village in front of a stone tablet, we were pointed to Yi City.” 
A huntsman? Wei Wuxian wondered.
The juniors should’ve passed by the village at the fork with the stone tablet later than he and Lan Wangji did. But they hadn’t seen any huntsmen at the time—only a few shy farmer ladies feeding chickens and minding house, claiming their men had gone to deliver goods and wouldn’t be back for a long time.
The more Wei Wuxian pondered, the more solemn he became.
Now that he’d heard their stories, it seemed the other party had committed no crimes other than killing cats and tossing their bodies around. Although it was surely horrifying to experience and behold, the boys had not been hurt. Instead, the incidents only roused their curiosity and desire to get to the bottom of things.
Furthermore, the juniors had met up in Yueyang, which also happened to be the place Wei Wuxian and Lan Wangji had just departed to come southward to Shudong. From the look of things, someone had intentionally led the oblivious kids to run into the two of them.
Guiding a bunch of naive juniors to a place full of unknown dangers to face the dismembered limb of a murderous fierce corpse—was this not exactly the same modus operandi as the case of the Mo Estate? 
And that wasn’t even the most complicated problem. Wei Wuxian was much warier of the fact that the Yin Tiger Tally could be here in Yi City at this very moment. Unwilling as he might be to accept the possibility, it was the most logical explanation. Since there existed someone who could restore the remaining half of the Yin Tiger Tally, there was no telling whose hands the restored Yin Tiger Tally had landed in, regardless of whether it was supposedly taken care of. 
Lan Sizhui, who had been crouching and fanning the firewood, looked up and said, “Mo-qianbei, the glutinous rice congee seems to be done?” 
Wei Wuxian snapped out of it and stopped mixing. He took the bowl Lan Sizhui had just washed and ladled out a bit to taste. “It’s done. You can bring it out. Everyone who’s poisoned gets a bowl. Feed it to them.”
Lan Jingyi had only taken one bite after the congee was served, however, before he spat it out. “What is this?! Poison?!” 
“What poison? This is the antidote! Glutinous rice congee,” Wei Wuxian stated.
Lan Jingyi rebuked the very idea. “Setting aside why glutinous rice is the antidote, I’ve never eaten such spicy congee!” 
The others who had taken bites all nodded in agreement with watery eyes. Wei Wuxian stroked his chin. He had grown up in Yunmeng, a place that was very fond of hot spices, and Wei Wuxian was as hardened as they came. Whenever he cooked, he invariably made the food so spicy that even Jiang Cheng couldn’t stand it and would hurl the bowl away while loudly cursing its horrible taste. And yet, he remained forever unable to stop himself from adding spoon after spoon of spice. It would seem he had once again failed to control his hand. 
Lan Sizhui tasted it out of curiosity and flushed from head to toe. He pursed his lips and managed not to sputter, but both his eyes were red. A thought crossed his mind: This flavor…it’s so terrible that it’s giving me déjà vu…
“Medicine is three parts poison. Spice helps you sweat, so you’ll recover faster,” Wei Wuxian said.
The boys huhhh-ed, expressing their disbelief, but still ate all the congee with scrunched-up faces. For a while after, everyone was bright red and drenched with sweat, suffering so greatly that they felt they might as well die. 
Wei Wuxian couldn’t help but ask, “Is this really necessary? Hanguang-jun is also a man of Gusu, but he can eat really spicy food, so why are you guys like this?” 
Lan Sizhui had his hand covering his mouth as he spoke. “That’s not right, qianbei. Hanguang-jun’s tastes are very mild; he never eats spicy things…”
Wei Wuxian was slightly taken aback. “Really?” 
He remembered once meeting Lan Wangji at Yiling in his previous life, after he’d defected from the Jiang Clan of Yunmeng. Although Wei Wuxian was still widely hated and condemned at the time, things hadn’t yet reached the point where everyone was calling for his annihilation. So, thick-skinned as he was, he demanded Lan Wangji have a meal with him to catch up. All Lan Wangji had ordered at the time were spicy dishes rife with Sichuan peppercorns, so Wei Wuxian had always assumed they shared a similar palate. 
Surprisingly, now that he thought back, he couldn’t recall whether Lan Wangji had actually touched those dishes. But he’d even forgotten to pay for the meal despite saying it was his treat, leaving Lan Wangji to foot the bill in the end. Of course he wouldn’t remember such minute details.
For some reason, he suddenly very, very much wanted to see Lan Wangji’s face.
“…Qianbei, Mo-qianbei!” 
“Hm?” Wei Wuxian snapped out of it. 
Lan Sizhui said in a hushed voice, “The door to that old lady’s room has…opened.” 
