A GUST OF SINISTER WIND had blown in out of nowhere and pushed the door to the small room open a crack. It swung open and closed intermittently. It was pitch-black inside the room, and they could only vaguely see a hunched shadow sitting next to a table. Wei Wuxian gestured for them not to move and walked into the room himself. 
The light of the oil lamp and the candles from the central room seeped inside. The old lady had her head bowed, as if she hadn’t noticed anyone come in. There was a piece of cloth in her lap, tied taut to an embroidery frame. She appeared to be doing needlework. Her hands were stiffly pressed together as she tried to poke a thread through a needle.
Wei Wuxian seated himself next to the table. “Granny, why not turn on the lights when you thread your needle? Let me.” 
He took the needle and thread and fixed it in no time. Then he returned them to the old lady and walked out of the room like nothing was the matter, closing the door behind him. 
“Leave her be,” he said. 
“Did you check if the old witch was alive or dead when you went in just now?” Jin Ling asked.
“Don’t call her an old witch, it’s rude,” Wei Wuxian chided. “That old lady is a living corpse.” 
The boys exchanged looks of dismay. Lan Sizhui asked, “What’s a living corpse?” 
“A living corpse is when an individual has all the characteristics of a corpse, from head to toe, but the person themselves is still alive.”
Jin Ling was greatly alarmed. “You’re saying she’s still alive?!” 
“Did you guys see inside the room just now?” Wei Wuxian asked.
“Yes.” 
“What did you see? What was she doing?” 
“Threading a needle.” 
“Did she succeed?”
“…No.” 
“That’s right, she didn’t. The muscles of the dead are stiff, so complicated actions such as threading a needle are impossible. Those aren’t age spots on her face but rather livor mortis. And she doesn’t need to eat. But she can still breathe, so, she’s alive.” 
Lan Sizhui said, “But…but this granny’s very old. Many old ladies have poor eyesight and can’t thread needles by themselves.” 
“Which is why I did it for her,” Wei Wuxian said. “But did you guys notice something else? In the time between opening the front door and now, she hasn’t blinked a single time.”
The youths themselves blinked. 
“The living blink to prevent their eyes from drying out, but the dead don’t need to do that,” Wei Wuxian explained. “And when I threaded the needle, did anyone notice how she looked at me?”
Jin Ling answered, “She didn’t move her eyes… It was her head that turned!” 
“That’s it exactly,” Wei Wuxian said. “Usually when you look in a different direction, your eyes move at least a little. But the dead are not the same. Since they can’t manage minute actions like moving their eyeballs, they can only move their whole head and neck.” 
Lan Jingyi was dazed. “Should we be taking notes?” 
“A good habit to have,” Wei Wuxian stated. “But where will you find time to flip through your notes during a Night Hunt? Use your brain, memorize it.”
Jin Ling gritted his teeth. “Walking corpses are crazy enough. Why is there such a thing as a living corpse?!” 
Wei Wuxian answered, “Living corpses are rarely formed naturally. They’re usually deliberately made, like this one is.”
“Deliberately?! Why?!” 
“The dead have many shortcomings,” Wei Wuxian lectured. “Stiff muscles, slow movement, and so on. But they have their advantages too—they don’t fear pain, can’t think, and are easy to control. Some people think those shortcomings can be improved upon, and that by doing so, they can construct the perfect puppet. That’s where the concept of living corpses came from.” 
While the boys didn’t blurt it out, their faces were already boldly written with an obvious sentiment: That person must be Wei! Wu! Xian!
Wei Wuxian didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. But I’ve never made such a thing! he thought.
Although it did indeed sound like his style! 
“Ahem. All right, it was Wei Wuxian who started the trend, but he successfully refined Wen Ning—that is, the Ghost General,” he said. “To be honest, I always wondered who came up with that nickname. It’s so stupid. Anyway. Others tried to mimic him but could only produce poor imitations at best. They ended up going down a deviant path and set their eyes on the living instead, coming up with living corpses like this.” He concluded, “They’re failed replicas.” 
At the mention of Wei Wuxian’s name, Jin Ling’s expression grew cold. He humphed. “Wei Ying was a deviant himself.” 
“Yeah, so those who make living corpses are extra deviant,” Wei Wuxian agreed.
“Mo-qianbei, what should we do now?” Lan Sizhui asked.
“Some living corpses might not know they’re already dead,” Wei Wuxian said. “I see that old lady is one of those who hasn’t quite figured it out, so it’ll be fine if we refrain from bothering her for now.” 
Just then, there was suddenly a series of crisp taps—the sound of bamboo hitting the ground. It sounded like it was just outside a nearby window, which was sealed by black boards. The faces of the clan juniors in the central room turned pale. Having been consistently harassed by the sound since entering the city, they’d begun panicking upon hearing it. 
Wei Wuxian motioned for them not to make a sound. They held their breath and watched as he stood next to the window, peering through an extremely thin crack between the planks of the door. At first, all he saw was white. He thought it was because the fog outside the house was too thick, leaving nothing visible…but then the white rapidly shrank away.
It was a pair of savagely white eyes, currently glaring fiercely through the crack in the door. All the white he’d seen wasn’t the miasma, but this pair of eyes, which completely lacked pupils.
Jin Ling and the others’ hearts were pounding, terrified he would suddenly be struck by disaster and fall, clutching his eyes. They heard Wei Wuxian let out an “ah!” and their hearts jumped into their throats, their hair standing on end.
“What is it?!”
Wei Wuxian whispered in the teeniest voice, “Shh, don’t speak. I’m looking at it.”
Jin Ling hushed his voice to be even teenier than Wei Wuxian’s. “Then what did you see? What’s out there?” 
Wei Wuxian neither moved his eyes nor gave a direct answer. “Mm-hmm…yup…amazing. Wow.” 
His profile was filled with delight. The praise and awe he expressed seemed to come sincerely from the bottom of his heart, and the clan juniors’ curiosity rapidly overtook their nervousness. 
Lan Sizhui couldn’t help but ask, “…Mo-qianbei, what’s so amazing?” 
“Aiyah! It’s so interesting. Keep it down, don’t scare it away, I’m not done looking,” Wei Wuxian shushed him.
“Move! I wanna see!” Jin Ling said.
“Me too!” 
“You really wanna see this?” Wei Wuxian asked.
“Yeah!” 
Wei Wuxian slowly shuffled aside, acting incredibly reluctant. Jin Ling was the first to go over. Lining himself up with the thin crack in the wood, he peeked out.
Night had fallen by now. Nights here tended to be chilly, but surprisingly, the evil miasma circulating in Yi City had dispersed quite a bit. They could now see at least a few dozen meters of the street. 
Jin Ling peered for a moment but didn’t see anything “amazing” or “so interesting.” A little disappointed, he thought, Could I have scared it away when I spoke just now?
Just as he had that thought, a scrawny, emaciated figure appeared in a flash. Jin Ling felt shivers scrabble up to his head and explode. He almost screamed out loud, but for some reason the burst of energy caught in his chest. He forced it down and stiffly maintained his bent pose, waiting for the numbing sensation to pass. Despite himself, he stole a glance at Wei Wuxian. The despicable man was leaning against the window boards with a corner of his lips curled up. 
He wiggled his eyebrows at Jin Ling and smirked. “Isn’t it very interesting?” 
Jin Ling shot him a death glare, knowing full well he was messing with them on purpose, and replied through gritted teeth, “Yeah…” 
Then his mind changed track and he straightened up, putting on an air of disinterest. “It’s only so-so, barely interesting!” 
He backed off to the side, waiting for the next fool. With the two of them taking turns at deception, the rest had their curiosity stoked as high as it could go. Lan Sizhui couldn’t restrain himself. He went to stand in the same spot, but just as he placed his eyes to the crack, he let out a candid “ah!” and jumped back, his face full of helpless fear. 
He spun around twice, disoriented, before he found Wei Wuxian and lamented his findings.
“Mo-qianbei! Outside! There’s a…there’s a…” 
Wei Wuxian replied understandingly, “That, right? Don’t tell. There’ll be no surprise once you tell. Let everyone go see for themselves.” 
As if anyone else dared to go up after seeing the terrified state Lan Sizhui was in. What “surprise”? “Scare,” you mean?! And thus, they all waved him off. 
“No, it’s fine, we’re not looking!” 
Jin Ling clicked his tongue. “Tricking people for fun at a time like this, what were you thinking?!” 
“Weren’t you in on it too?” Wei Wuxian said. “Don’t imitate your uncle’s tone. Sizhui, was that thing just now scary?” 
Lan Sizhui nodded and replied honestly, “Yes.” 
“Scary is right,” Wei Wuxian said. “This is a fantastic opportunity to further your training, you know! Why do ghosts scare people? Because when people are scared, their will falters and their primordial spirit becomes agitated. That’s when it’s easiest to drain their yang energy. So creatures like ghosts are most fearful of the brave—since the brave are fearless, they can’t do anything to them or take advantage of them. Which is why, as clan juniors, your first priority is to strengthen your courage!” 
Lan Jingyi was glad he couldn’t move and therefore hadn’t gone over to peep out of curiosity. Still, he grumbled, “Courage is innate. Some people are born chickens, what can you do?” 
“Were you born knowing how to fly on a sword?” Wei Wuxian questioned. “Didn’t you practice over and over until you got it? Same logic. Get scared again and again and you’ll get used to it. Toilets stink, right? They’re gross, right? But trust me, if you lived in toilets for a month, you could even eat in there without issue.”
The boys were aghast at the thought and refuted him in chorus: “Nope! We don’t believe you!” 
“It’s just an example,” Wei Wuxian said. “All right, I admit I’ve never lived in toilets before, so I don’t know if you’d actually be able to eat in there. That was an irresponsible remark. But with that thing out there, you guys have to try. Don’t just look—you have to examine it. Scrutinize the details, and as quickly as you can, use those details to unearth any weaknesses it might be hiding. Remain steady in the face of danger and find an opportunity to strike back. Okay, I’ve lectured this long, do you all understand? People don’t often have the chance to hear my lectures, you know. You have to cherish this opportunity. Don’t back away now, come over and form a line. Take turns looking.” 
“…Do we have to?” 
“Of course,” Wei Wuxian said. “I am never one to joke around, nor do I play tricks on people. Let’s start with Jingyi. Jin Ling and Sizhui have both had their turns already.” 
“Huh?” Lan Jingyi protested. “I can be excused, right? Those who were poisoned can’t move, that’s what you said.”
Wei Wuxian directed, “Stick out your tongue. Aah…”
Lan Jingyi complied once more. “Aah…”
Wei Wuxian gave his blessing. “Congratulations, you’re cured of the poison. Now bravely take your first step, come!” 
Lan Jingyi balked. “Cured that fast?! You’re lying, right?!” 
His protests were ineffective, and so he had to force himself to boldly walk to the window. He looked, then looked away, looked, and looked away. Wei Wuxian knocked on the wooden plank. 
“What are you scared of? I’m standing right here. It won’t dare break through this board. It’s not going to eat your eyeball.” 
Lan Jingyi jumped away. “I’m done!” 
Then came the turn of the next person in line. Each person gasped sharply when they looked. Once everyone had taken their turn, Wei Wuxian said, “All done? Then why don’t each of you share what you saw? Let’s summarize.” 
Jin Ling rushed to answer first. “White eyes. Female. Very short, very skinny. Okay appearance. She’s holding a bamboo pole.” 
Lan Sizhui thought for a moment, then said, “The girl’s head reaches my chest. Her clothing is ragged and not too clean, kind of like the garb of wandering street urchins. The bamboo pole seems to be a cane used by the blind. It’s possible those white eyes were not formed after death but rather that she was blind while alive.” 
Wei Wuxian commented, “Jin Ling saw a lot, but Sizhui saw details.”
Jin Ling pursed his lips.
Another boy said, “The girl is about fifteen or sixteen years old. She has a heart-shaped face, very delicate and pretty, but there’s a sense of vitality in those fine features. She uses a wooden hairpin to pin up her long hair. The end of the pin is carved with the head of a little fox. She’s small, yet slender. Although unclean, she’s not repellently filthy. If she was just given a chance to clean up, she’d definitely be cute—a real beauty.” 
When Wei Wuxian heard this, he instantly felt the boy’s prospects were limitless. “Very good, very good,” he praised energetically. “A detailed observation with a unique focus. Our little friend will definitely be a romantic in the future.” 
The youth blushed, covered his face, and turned to face the wall, ignoring his companions’ laughter. 
Another youth said, “It seems the sound of bamboo hitting the ground was her walking. If she was already blind when alive, she’d still be unable to see after turning into a phantom in death. She has to depend on that cane.” 
Yet another youth countered, “But that’s not right… You’ve all seen blind people before, right? Since their sight is hindered, they walk and move very slowly, scared to bump into something. But the phantom outside the door is quick and agile. I’ve never seen such an agile blind person.” 
Wei Wuxian smiled. “Mm, that’s an excellent point. Very good. That’s exactly how you should be analyzing the situation—don’t overlook any points of suspicion. Now, let’s invite her in and clear up those suspicions with answers.”
Just as he said that, he immediately tore off one of the door planks. Not just the boys inside the house but also the phantom outside the window jumped in surprise at the abrupt action. She raised her bamboo pole, immediately on guard.
Wei Wuxian began by greeting the phantom. Then he asked, “Miss, you’ve been following them all this time. Do you have some business with them?” 
That girl widened her eyes. If she were alive she would’ve been absolutely adorable, but with those blank white eyes exuding streams of blood, the motion just made her look doubly savage. Someone inhaled sharply behind Wei Wuxian. 
Wei Wuxian asked, “What’s there to be scared of? You’ll see plenty of bleeding from the seven apertures in the future. Is two apertures already too much for you? That’s why I’m telling you guys to practice more.” 
Prior to this, the girl had been fretfully pacing in circles before the window, hitting the ground with her bamboo pole, stomping, glaring, and flailing her arms. But now she suddenly changed course, gesturing like she wanted to tell them something. 
Jin Ling wondered, “That’s weird. Can’t she talk?” 
The phantom girl paused mid-action at this and opened her mouth to show them.
Blood poured from her empty mouth. It seemed her tongue had been yanked out at the root.
The clan juniors were covered with goosebumps, but at the same time, sympathy bloomed in their hearts. No wonder she couldn’t speak. Blind and mute—how unfortunate. 
“Is she using sign language? Can anyone understand?” Wei Wuxian asked.
No one did. The girl stomped her feet impatiently and used her bamboo pole to draw and scrape on the ground. But she obviously wasn’t raised in a scholarly family and didn’t know her letters. All she’d drawn was a mess of little people, making it impossible for anyone to decipher what she wanted to express.
Just then, from the far end of the street came the sound of frantic running and someone panting.
The phantom girl suddenly vanished. But she would probably come back on her own, so Wei Wuxian wasn’t concerned. He swiftly stuck the door plank back in place and continued to spy on the outside. The other clan juniors also wanted to see what was happening, so they all squished by the door, a column of heads stacked from top to bottom, blocking the crack in the door with their eyes.
The evil miasma had thinned out earlier, but now it was circulating again. They saw an unkempt figure break through the white fog, rushing their way. This man was dressed all in black and appeared to be injured, stumbling as he ran. There was a sword at his waist, also wrapped in black cloth. 
Lan Jingyi whispered, “Is it that smoke-masked man?” 
Lan Sizhui whispered back, “It shouldn’t be. The smoke-masked man’s form is completely different from his.” 
There was a group of walking corpses following right behind the man, moving extremely fast. They caught up to him in an instant, and the man drew his sword to meet them, his sword glare bright and clear as he slashed through the miasma. Wei Wuxian cheered in his head: Nice strike! 
But once the sword made its sweep, the familiar, odd spattering noise came again. Blackish-red powder spouted once more from the severed limbs of the walking corpses. Surrounded and with nowhere to dodge, the man could do nothing but stand on the spot and be blasted with a face full of powder.
Lan Sizhui was stricken by the sight. He whispered, “Mo-qianbei, that man, we…” 
Just then, another group of walking corpses shambled close, outflanking the man as his figure shrank into the crowd. Another sweep of his sword, and more corpse toxin erupted into the air. He gasped in yet more of it, seeming to grow unsteady on his feet.
“We have to save him,” Wei Wuxian said.
“How are you gonna do that?” Jin Ling questioned. “You can’t go over there right now, the air is lousy with corpse toxin. You’ll be poisoned if you get close.”
After contemplating for a moment, Wei Wuxian moved away from the window and walked to the heart of the central room. The boys’ eyes also unconsciously followed him as he went. They saw a group of paper effigies of various appearances standing quietly between the two giant floral wreaths. Wei Wuxian passed by them slowly and stopped in front of a pair of paper ladies.
The appearance of every paper effigy was different, but this pair seemed to have been intended to be twin sisters. Their makeup, attire, and facial features were all cast from the same mold. With crescent eyes and smiles on their faces, one could almost hear their giggling laughter. Hair coiffed in the double-ring style, they were adorned with golden bracelets, red pearl earrings, and embroidered slippers, fully suited to be the maids of a great and wealthy household. 
“Let’s go with these two,” Wei Wuxian said. 
He lightly swept his hand over one of the youths’ unsheathed swords. Using the blood from the cut on his thumb, he spun around to dot the two pairs of eyes with four eyeballs.
He then took a step back and gave a light smile. “Coy eyes and seductive wiles, red lips part to chase a smile. Ask not of good or evil done, with these final dots, let the warrior come.”
A gust of sinister wind blew from out of nowhere, abruptly engulfing the entire store. The boys unconsciously gripped their swords.
Suddenly, the pair of paper effigy twin sisters jolted.
In the next heartbeat, there came the sound of giggling laughter, drifting from those bright-red, painted lips.
The Final Eyes Summoning! 
It was as though the pair of paper effigies had seen or heard something extremely funny. They giggled like tremulous flowering boughs. Those eyes, dotted with the blood of the living, rattled in their sockets as they twirled about, painting a picture that was both extremely charming and extremely horrifying. Wei Wuxian stood in front of them and inclined his head shallowly, giving them a courteous nod.
The pair of paper effigies reciprocated with a deep bow, showing him greater courtesy.
Wei Wuxian pointed to the door. “Go bring the living in. Obliterate everything else.” 
Shrill laughter shrieked from the mouths of the paper effigies. A blast of sinister wind rushed past and flung open the two doors of the entrance! 
The two paper effigies leapt out, shoulder to shoulder, and dove right into the mob of walking corpses. It was hard to believe that fake humans, so clearly made of paper, could possess such fierce and destructive power. Stepping with their fine, embroidered shoes and fluttering their airy sleeves, they slashed off a walking corpse’s arm with one sweep and sliced a head in half with another. It was as if the paper sleeves had transformed into sharp blades. That charming laughter echoed incessantly down the long street, rousing the mind yet raising the hair.
It wasn’t long before over a dozen walking corpses had been sliced to mangled pieces by the pair of effigies. It was a complete victory for the paper maids. Obeying the command they were given, they picked up the weakened escapee and carried him inside before jumping out the door. The door closed automatically behind them, and they quieted down as they stood one on either side, watching the entrance like guardian lions.
The clan juniors inside the house were gaping. 
In the past, they had learned stories of the deviant path from books and from their seniors. At the time, they couldn’t understand: If it was so wicked, why were there so many people who wished to learn it? Why were there so many imitators of the Yiling Patriarch? It was only now, after seeing it with their own eyes, that they understood. The deviant path had its own enticing and mysterious ways. And this Final Eyes Summoning was merely the tip of the iceberg. 
Once most of the youths came around, there was surprisingly no revulsion on their faces. Instead, they were filled with unconcealable excitement. They felt as though they had gained immense insight and a wealth of topics to discuss with their fellow disciples when they returned. Only Jin Ling still looked upset.
Lan Sizhui went over to help Wei Wuxian assist the man, but Wei Wuxian said, “Stay back. And be careful not to touch the corpse toxin. You might get poisoned too if it catches on your skin.” 
By the time the paper effigies had carried the man inside, he was already drained of energy, only half-conscious. But now he was a little more alert. He coughed a few times but covered his mouth, seeming to be worried he’d infect the others if he expelled corpse toxin. 
He asked quietly, “Who are you all?” 
His voice sounded extremely exhausted. And he had posed the question not only because he didn’t know anyone inside this house but also because he couldn’t see.
A thick white ribbon was wrapped around the man’s eyes. He, too, was probably blind.
And a very good-looking blind person, at that—with a straight, fine nose and thin lips of muted red, he could almost be called delicately handsome. He also appeared very young, between a youth and an adult, quite inspiring of sympathy. Wei Wuxian thought, How come I keep running into blind people recently? Both alive and dead, both in the words of others and with my own two eyes. 
“Hey,” Jin Ling said suddenly. “We don’t know who this person is yet, or whether he’s friend or foe, so why are we saving him so rashly? What if he’s evil? Won’t we have saved a snake, then?”
While he wasn’t wrong, it was a little awkward to be so blunt in front of the man himself. The man wasn’t angry, however, and he didn’t seem concerned about getting thrown out. He smiled, revealing a pair of small, pointed canine teeth. 
“The little young master is right. It’s best if I leave.”
Jin Ling, who had never expected that response, was taken aback for a moment. At a loss for words, he finally settled on humphing. Lan Sizhui quickly spoke up to smooth things over. 
“But it’s also possible that this gentleman isn’t malicious. In any case, ignoring the dying would be against my family’s precepts.”
Jin Ling remained obstinate. “Fine. You guys are the good guys. Don’t blame me if anyone croaks.”
Lan Jingyi began angrily, “You…” 
But before he could finish, his tongue tied itself. 
This was because he saw the sword the man had placed on the table. Half the black cloth wrapping the sword had slipped off, revealing its body.
The sword was superbly forged, a paragon of craftsmanship. The scabbard was bronze, carved with fretwork of frost-like fractals. The body of the sword could be seen through that hollow pattern. Like silver stars twinkling in snowflake-shaped light, it had a sort of ice-pure and resplendent beauty.
Lan Jingyi’s eyes bulged, looking like he was about to blurt something out. Wei Wuxian didn’t know what he planned on screaming, but since the man had used a black cloth to cover his sword, he must not want anyone to see it. He also instinctively didn’t want to alert the man, so he smothered Lan Jingyi’s mouth with a hand while placing his index finger upon his own lips, gesturing to all the other shocked youths to not say anything. 
Jin Ling mouthed two words, then reached out and wrote said two words on the dust-covered table:
Shuanghua.
…The sword Shuanghua?
Wei Wuxian mouthed his question soundlessly: “The sword Shuanghua that belonged to…Xiao Xingchen?”
Jin Ling and the others all nodded their conviction.
While the youths had never seen Xiao Xingchen in person, Shuanghua was a rare, famous sword. Not only was its spiritual power strong, but its physical appearance was also beautiful and unique. Once upon a time, it had been featured in countless editions of the Illustrated Almanac of Spiritual Swords and the Atlas of Notable Blades, making it unforgettable. 
Wei Wuxian mulled over this information. If the sword was Shuanghua, and the man was blind…
One of the boys had arrived at the same conclusion and was reaching out to touch the bandage over the man’s eyes, wanting to unravel it to see if his eyes were still there. But his hand had only just touched the bandage when the man seemed to be in extreme pain. He shifted back imperceptibly, apparently very scared of others touching his eyes.
The boy noticed his own impropriety and quickly withdrew his hand. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry… I didn’t mean to.” 
The man raised his left hand, which was covered in a thin, black glove, and seemed to want to cover his eyes, even though he was afraid to touch them himself. Gentle contact already caused him unbearable pain. A thin sheen of sweat had broken out on his forehead. 
He replied arduously, “It’s fine…”
Still, his voice quivered.
Such a display was surely enough to deduce that this man was Xiao Xingchen, who had gone missing after the case of the Chang Clan of Yueyang.
Xiao Xingchen still hadn’t realized his identity had been seen through. After enduring the wave of pain, he fumbled to reach for Shuanghua. Wei Wuxian’s hand moved as fast as his eyes saw, pulling up the black cloth that had slipped off. Having felt Shuanghua, Xiao Xingchen nodded. 
“Many thanks for rescuing me. I will take my leave.” 
“Don’t go yet. You’ve got corpse poisoning,” Wei Wuxian said.
“Is it serious?” Xiao Xingchen asked.
“Very,” Wei Wuxian replied.
“Since it is serious, then why stay?” Xiao Xingchen said. “It is hopeless, regardless. Why not kill a few more walking corpses before I turn?” 
Hearing he had no care for life or death, hot blood surged within the chests of the boys in the house. “Who said it’s hopeless?” Lan Jingyi blurted in spite of himself. “Stay! He can cure you!” 
Wei Wuxian said curiously, “Me? Sorry, are you talking about me?”
He really didn’t have the heart to tell the truth. Xiao Xingchen had already breathed in too much of the corpse toxin; his face was tinted a faint blackish-red. He was poisoned too severely, and glutinous rice congee probably wouldn’t work anymore.
“I already killed plenty of walking corpses in this city,” Xiao Xingchen said. “They have been following me. More will shortly, and endlessly, follow. If I stay, you will all be overwhelmed by the mob sooner or later.” 
“Does my lord know why Yi City became this way?” Wei Wuxian asked.
Xiao Xingchen shook his head. “No. I am merely a wandering Daoi… I wandered here and entered the city for a Night Hunt after learning of the supernatural activity in the region. There are a great many living and walking corpses in this city. You have yet to experience the brunt of it. Some are agile and hard to defend against, while others expel corpse toxin from their bodies after being cut down. The poison infects instantly upon contact, but if those corpses are not cut down they tackle and bite, with the end result of poisoning you all the same. They are genuinely difficult to fight. Judging by your voices, there are many little young masters among you, am I correct? I urge everyone to leave this place as soon as possible.” 
Just as he spoke, they heard the sinister giggling of the paper effigy sisters outside the entrance. This time, the sound of their laughter was shriller than before. 
Lan Jingyi leaned on the door to peek through the crack. Then he swiftly used his body to block the slit, his eyes wide and dumbfounded. 
“So…so, so many!” 
“Walking corpses?” Wei Wuxian asked. “How many is many?” 
“I don’t know!” Lan Jingyi exclaimed. “The entire street is full of them! Maybe a few hundred? And that number’s growing! I don’t think those two paper effigies can hold out for much longer!” 
If the door-guarding effigies fell, all the corpses walking the street would swarm into the shop. Cut them down, and poisoning would be imminent—in fact, the more vigorous the slaughter, the faster the poison would circulate. Don’t cut them down, and inevitably be torn apart or bitten to death. 
Sword in hand, Xiao Xingchen clearly planned on pushing through the door to go out, probably hoping to fend off as many waves of those cadavers as he could with what strength remained in him. But his face suddenly turned purplish-red, and he fell backward onto the ground.
“Just sit tight,” Wei Wuxian said. “This’ll be resolved in a jiffy.”
Once more, he casually swept the index finger of his right hand over the blade of Lan Jingyi’s sword. Blood dripped. 
“Are you gonna use the Final Eyes Summoning again?” Lan Jingyi asked. “How much blood would it take you to dot the eyes of every single effigy? How about I lend you some of mine?” 
Other boys immediately rolled up their sleeves. “Me too…”
Wei Wuxian was caught between laughter and tears. “No need. Do you have any blank talismans?” 
These juniors were still young, not trained enough to be able to draw talismans on the spot for immediate use. All the talismans they had on them were pre-drawn.
Lan Sizhui shook his head. “No.” 
“A pre-drawn one is fine too,” Wei Wuxian said.
Lan Sizhui retrieved a stack of yellow talismans from his qiankun pouch. Wei Wuxian took only one sheet, glanced at it, and then pressed the index and middle fingers of his right hand together as his hand powerfully glided over the cinnabar paint from top to bottom. The vibrant red blood and the scarlet cinnabar formed a brand-new set of symbols. 
He flicked his wrist, and the red-marked yellow talisman ignited midair. Wei Wuxian reached out with his left hand and caught the ashes drifting from the burning paper. He clenched his fingers and looked slightly downward. As he opened his palm, he gently blew the black ashes toward the row of paper effigies. 
He murmured, “Wildfires cannot destroy, for life shall rise again in the spring breeze.”2
The talisman ash stormed and whirled.
A Yin Muscleman standing at the forefront picked up a machete that was next to his feet and slung it over his shoulder.
Beside him was a sumptuously dressed paper beauty with her hair styled in a high, loose bun. She slowly raised her right hand, nimbly flexing her long and slender fingers. She appeared to be a languid noblewoman, haughtily admiring her long nails, which were painted blood-red. 
Next to the beauty’s feet stood a golden boy and a jade maiden. The golden boy yanked mischievously on the jade maiden’s braid, and the jade maiden stuck out her tongue at him in response. A long tongue, almost thirty centimeters in length, abruptly slipped out of her small mouth and poked a giant hole in the boy’s chest, like a venomous snake, before it was swiftly withdrawn with one vicious movement. The golden boy opened his mouth wide, revealing two chilling rows of white teeth, and bit her on the arm. Just like that, the paper effigy children started fighting each other first!
Twenty to thirty paper effigies started wobbling one after the other like they were working their joints, whispering to each other as they shook, while the sound of rustling undulated everywhere. They were not alive—no, they were far superior to the living.
“Hold your breath” Wei Wuxian instructed.
Then he sidestepped to make way to the entrance. He bowed slightly and made a gesture of invitation.
The wooden doors swung violently open once more. The sweet smell of corpse toxin gushed in, and everyone immediately covered their mouths, raising their sleeves in defense. The Yin Musclemen let out a loud roar and lunged first, before the rest of the paper effigies filed out.
The wooden door closed anew behind the last paper effigy. 
“No one breathed any of that in, right?” Wei Wuxian asked the room.
Everyone quickly replied no. Wei Wuxian helped Xiao Xingchen to his feet. He’d thought to find a place for the man to lie down, but shockingly no such space could be found, leaving him no choice but to sit on the frigid, dusty ground. Xiao Xingchen was still tightly gripping his sword, Shuanghua. It was only with a strenuous effort that he roused himself from his half-conscious state. 
He coughed a few times, his voice feeble. “Sir, that was…the Final Eyes Summoning?”
“My knowledge is rough at best,” Wei Wuxian replied.
Xiao Xingchen pondered for a moment, then smiled. “Mn…that was indeed the best way to obliterate those walking corpses.”
He paused, then added, “However, cultivators who walk this path can easily find themselves facing mutiny from subordinate malicious ghosts and belligerent spirits. Not even the founding father of this path, the Yiling Patriarch Wei Wuxian, could escape that fate. This is just my personal suggestion, but if my lord is not his match, then do be more careful in the future. Best not to use that magic unless absolutely necessary. Try cultivating another path…”
Wei Wuxian sighed inwardly. “Thank you for your exhortation.”
Most acclaimed cultivators made their stance on the matter very clear, drawing lines in the sand to advertise their profound hatred for a certain someone. However, the fact that this dear martial uncle of his would still advise him so diplomatically, reminding him to watch out for mutiny even while he was half-dead himself—it only spoke to how exceedingly gentle he was, how kind and softhearted. Looking at the thick layer of bandages over Xiao Xingchen’s eyes, and remembering what the man had gone through, Wei Wuxian couldn’t help but sigh regretfully.
Young juniors with scant worldly experience were usually too fascinated by the demonic path to regard it with contempt. So other than Jin Ling—who’d looked very upset the entire time—the other juniors were all crammed around the crack in the door to watch the spectacle unfold.
“Help…that effigy woman’s nails are so scary. One slash leaves five gashes.”
“Why is that little girl’s tongue so long and so hard? Is she a hanged ghost?” 
“That guy’s so strong! I can’t believe he can pick up so many walking corpses at once. He’s gonna slam them down! Look, look, look! He’s done it! They’re all smashed!” 
After he’d been pulled aside by Xiao Xingchen for a round of gentle counsel, Wei Wuxian grabbed the last bowl of glutinous rice congee on the table. “Your poisoning is severe. I have something here that might be able to give you a slight reprieve…but it also might not, and it tastes quite awful. Do you want to give it a try? If you no longer wish to live, don’t worry about it.” 
Xiao Xingchen took the bowl with two hands. “Of course I want to live. If I may live on, then allow me to persist.” 
However, when he lowered his head and partook, the corners of his lips started to twitch. It was only by firmly pursing his mouth that he managed to not bring it right back up. It was a good while before he very politely uttered, “Thank you.” 
Wei Wuxian turned his head. “D’you guys see that? You see that? Hear what he said? You’re the ones being delicate and difficult. All those complaints while eating the congee I slaved over!” 
“Did you slave over anything?” Jin Ling accused. “Besides dumping a bunch of strange things into a pot, what else did you accomplish?” 
Xiao Xingchen said, “However, upon further consideration…if I must eat this every day, then I choose death.” 
Jin Ling burst into mocking laughter without a shred of mercy, and not even Lan Sizhui was able to contain himself, letting out a pfft. Wei Wuxian looked at them, speechless, and Lan Sizhui immediately schooled himself. 
Right then, Lan Jingyi exclaimed happily, “All right! They’re all dead! We’ve won!” 
Xiao Xingchen quickly put down the bowl. “Do not open the door yet. Be careful, there might be more…” 
“Don’t put down the bowl,” Wei Wuxian said. “Pick it up and finish the congee.” 
He approached the wooden door to look out through the crack. After the inhuman slaughter, the street was permeated with thin white fog and purplish-red powder. The corpse toxin was gradually dissipating, and the paper effigies patrolled leisurely up and down the street. Pieces of the walking corpses were strewn all over the ground, and when they came across bits that still twitched, the effigies would viciously stomp down until those chunks were rendered into nothing more than puddles of blood and flesh.
Beyond that, everything was still and quiet. No new walking corpses had rushed onto the scene yet.
Just as Wei Wuxian was about to relax, there was a very, very light movement just above his head.
The sound was almost impossible to catch. It was as though someone was darting past on the roof tiles with the speed of a bird, their steps unusually light and agile, nearly silent. Were it not for Wei Wuxian’s sharp senses, he wouldn’t have caught the minute sound of impact between the tiles.
The movement couldn’t deceive the blind either. Xiao Xingchen alerted, “Above!”
Wei Wuxian barked, “Spread out!” 
Just as he spoke, the ceiling over the central room tore open. Broken tiles, accumulated dust, and scattered straw plunged down like rain. The boys had quickly dispersed, so thankfully no one was hurt. A black shadow jumped down through the gaping hole in the ceiling.
This man was dressed in a set of black Daoist robes. He was tall, and his posture was straight as a pine tree. A Daoist whisk was tucked behind his back, and he wielded a longsword in hand. He was coolly handsome in appearance, and with his head slightly tilted up just so, he emanated a haughty and aloof demeanor.
But his eyes had no pupils. They were pure, deathly white.
A fierce corpse! 
Everyone present had only just managed to realize that fact when he lunged, brandishing his sword.
He was aiming for Jin Ling, the one closest to him. Jin Ling drew his sword to parry, but the force behind the strike was immense and the impact numbed his arm. If not for the extraordinary spiritual power of his own sword, Suihua, he would probably have been struck dead. 
His attack unsuccessful, the black-clad fierce corpse swung again, moving as smoothly and brutally as a flowing current, as if his hatred was as profound as the sea. He aimed for Jin Ling’s arm, and in that moment of danger, Xiao Xingchen drew his sword and helped Jin Ling block his attack. Doing so must have caused the poisoning to surge, for he collapsed at last, unmoving. 
Lan Jingyi was horrified. “Is he dead or alive?! I’ve never seen such a…”
…A fierce corpse with such agility and such expertise with the sword! But he’d trailed off because he suddenly remembered that yes, he had.
Because, of course, the Ghost General was the same!
Wei Wuxian’s eyes had been firmly glued to this Daoist, his mind churning rapidly. He pulled out the bamboo flute tucked at his waist and played a long, shrill note, so piercing that everyone else covered their ears. When the Daoist heard the sound of the flute, his body lurched. Although the hand gripping the sword shook tremendously, in the end, he still lunged!
He could not be controlled. That meant this fierce corpse had a master!
Wei Wuxian dodged the lightning-fast attack, leisurely playing another tune as he sidestepped. Soon the paper effigies patrolling outside leapt onto the roof and jumped in through the gaping hole. Noticing the movement, the fierce Daoist corpse swung his sword back in two quick slashes. Two paper effigies were cut into four pieces, top to bottom. He drew his whisk with his left hand, and it was as if thousands of those soft white threads had suddenly transformed into metal whips and poisonous thorns. A simple swing would burst skulls and sever limbs. An accidental brush would turn a bystander into a sieve, pouring blood like water.
Though his hands were full, Wei Wuxian called out, “Don’t come over here, stay in your corner!” 
Then he continued issuing commands, the music of the flute whimsical and flighty and marked by ferocious chords. Although the fierce Daoist was fighting with both hands, endless paper effigies jumped down from above, surrounding and attacking him. If he struck here, there’d be more there; kill the one in front, and more would come from the back. His strength alone was inadequate. 
Suddenly a Yin Muscleman dropped from above and grappled him, stomping down on his shoulder and pushing him to the ground. Three more Yin Musclemen followed right after, leaping down through the hole to pile onto him one after the other.
Legends told of the extraordinary strength of Yin Musclemen, so their crafters usually added extra weight to the effigies when crafting them. When wild ghosts were summoned to possess these bodies, each and every one became heftier than the next. Having one slam into you was already much like having a mountain bear down on your head. With four at once, it was amazing the Daoist-robed fierce corpse didn’t puke his innards out at the impact. He was pinned completely in place, unable to move a muscle. 
Wei Wuxian walked over, observing a section of damaged clothing on his back. When he flattened the tear to examine further, a thin, narrow gash could be seen by the corpse’s left shoulder blade. 
“Flip him over,” Wei Wuxian ordered.
The four Yin Musclemen flipped the Daoist over to face the ceiling, making it easier for him to examine the man. Wei Wuxian reached out with the fingers he’d cut earlier and smeared them over the lips of each of the four paper effigies as reward. The Yin Musclemen stuck out their red paper tongues and cherished the blood with slow licks, seemingly savoring the delicacy. Only then did Wei Wuxian look down to continue his inspection. The area near the Daoist’s heart seemed to have sustained the same damage as his back—the same tear, the same narrow gash. It was as if he had died from being stabbed through the heart.
The fierce corpse had been struggling all the while, a continuous low growl emitting from his throat. Jet-black blood trickled from the corners of his mouth. Wei Wuxian squeezed his cheeks, forcing him to open his mouth, and looked inside. It seemed the man’s tongue had also been pulled out at the root.
Blind, pulled-tongue. Blind, pulled-tongue.
Why were these two characteristics appearing so frequently?
Wei Wuxian examined the man for a while, coming to the conclusion that this fierce corpse resembled Wen Ning when he was controlled by those long, black nails. Having formed this theory, he reached out, groping near the corpse’s temples—and actually managed to find two small metal nubs!
These black nails were made to control high-level fierce corpses, causing them to lose their mind and their ability to think. Wei Wuxian didn’t know this corpse’s identity or character, so he couldn’t recklessly pull the nails out. He must be properly interrogated, Wei Wuxian thought. But since his tongue was already gone, this fierce corpse wouldn’t be able to speak even if he had his senses returned to him. 
He asked the juniors, “Who among you have studied Inquiry?” 
Lan Sizhui raised his hand. “Me. I have.” 
“Did you bring your guqin?” Wei Wuxian asked.
“Yes,” Lan Sizhui answered. He immediately retrieved a guqin—simple, but lustrous in color—from his qiankun pouch. 
Wei Wuxian noticed the guqin seemed brand new. “How’s your guqin language? Have you used it in a practical setting like this? Will the invited spirits lie?”
Lan Jingyi cut in. “Hanguang-jun said Sizhui’s guqin language is acceptable.” 
If Lan Wangji had said “acceptable,” then it must be acceptable. He wouldn’t have exaggerated, nor played it down. Wei Wuxian relaxed. 
Lan Sizhui said, “Hanguang-jun told me to practice quality, not quantity. The invited spirits can choose not to respond, but they definitely cannot lie. So whatever they answer will be the truth.”
“Let’s start, then,” Wei Wuxian said.
The guqin was placed on the ground above the Daoist’s head. Lan Sizhui sat down, the hems of his robes spreading neatly out around him. He tried two notes and then nodded. 
“First question: ask who he is,” Wei Wuxian said.
Lan Sizhui thought for a moment, then mouthed the incantation to himself before daring to pluck out the first verse.
A good moment later the strings vibrated, and two notes blasted forth like bedrock splitting. Lan Sizhui widened his eyes. 
Lan Jingyi urged, “What did he say?” 
“Song Lan!” Lan Sizhui said.
…The best friend and fellow cultivator of Xiao Xingchen, Song Lan?!
Everyone turned to look at the unconscious Xiao Xingchen on the ground. 
Lan Sizhui murmured, “I wonder if he knows this is Song Lan…”
Jin Ling also hushed his voice. “Probably not. He’s blind and Song Lan is mute, not to mention he’s become a mindless fierce corpse…so, best if he doesn’t.”
Wei Wuxian said, “Second question: ask who killed him.” 
Lan Sizhui played a verse seriously. This time, the silence lasted three times longer than before.
Just when they thought Song Lan’s soul wasn’t willing to answer this question, the strings trembled and three notes resounded with profound pain.
“Impossible!” Lan Sizhui blurted.
“What did he say?” Wei Wuxian asked.
Lan Sizhui was incredulous. “He said…Xiao Xingchen.” 
The one who killed Song Lan was Xiao Xingchen?!
They had only asked two questions. Who could’ve imagined each answer would be more shocking than the last?
Jin Ling was dubious. “You played wrong, right?!” 
Lan Sizhui replied, “‘Who art thou’ and ‘who killed thee’ are the easiest and most frequently asked questions during a session of Inquiry. They’re the first and second verses everyone who studies Inquiry learns. I’ve practiced them at least a thousand times, and I checked repeatedly before playing them. I most certainly did not make a mistake.” 
“Well, either your Inquiry was played wrong, or you’ve misinterpreted the guqin language,” Jin Ling determined, adamant.
Lan Sizhui shook his head. “If the notes were not wrong, misinterpretation is even more impossible. ‘Xiao Xingchen’ is an uncommon phrase or name, rarely heard from invited spirits. If he had answered with a different name and I misinterpreted it, there’s no way it would just so happen to be this name.”
Lan Jingyi mumbled, “…Song Lan went to find the missing Xiao Xingchen, but Xiao Xingchen killed him. Why would he kill his best friend? He doesn’t seem the type to do that.” 
“Don’t worry about all that for now,” Wei Wuxian said. “Sizhui, ask the third question: who is controlling him.”
Lan Sizhui’s face was serious, and he didn’t dare breathe too hard as he played the third verse. Many eyes were glued to the strings, waiting for Song Lan’s answer.
Then they heard Lan Sizhui interpret the response, one word at a time: “The. One. Behind. You.”
Everyone’s heads shot up. Xiao Xingchen, who had been lying on the ground unconscious, was now sitting up with one hand propping up his cheek as he smiled at them. He raised his black-gloved left hand and snapped his fingers.

— Part 3 —
 
THAT CRISP SOUND went right to the ears of Song Lan, who was on the ground. It was as if the sound had exploded in his skull. He suddenly seized the four Yin Musclemen who held him down and sent them flying! He leapt to his feet, brandishing his longsword and whisk once more, and sliced and diced the four Yin Musclemen, shredding them into multi-colored paper scraps. His longsword was pointed at Wei Wuxian, while his whisk was aimed threateningly at the clan juniors.
The tables had suddenly turned, here in this small shop.
Jin Ling put his hand on his sword. Wei Wuxian saw from the corner of his eye and quickly said, “Don’t move, don’t add to the problem. When it comes to swordplay, everyone here combined would still not be a match for this…Song Lan.” 
This body of his was weak in spiritual power, and his sword wasn’t around. Besides, there was also Xiao Xingchen next to them to contend with; his motives unclear and whether he was friend or foe wholly unknown.
Xiao Xingchen said, “The adults are talking. Why don’t you kids go out?” 
He made a hand gesture at Song Lan, who obeyed silently, moving to herd the clan juniors out. 
Wei Wuxian said to the boys, “Go on. You guys can’t help here anyway. The corpse toxin outside should have settled by now, so don’t go running around and stirring it up again. Slow your breathing.”
When Jin Ling heard “you guys can’t help here anyway,” he was both indignant and frustrated, refusing to give up without a fight. But at the same time, he knew he was powerless, so he petulantly stormed out first. Lan Sizhui was hesitant to leave, looking as if he had something to say. 
Wei Wuxian said, “Sizhui, you’re the most sensible here. Take the lead and guide them. Can you do that?” 
Lan Sizhui nodded, and Wei Wuxian added, “Don’t be scared.” 
“I’m not scared,” Lan Sizhui said.
“Really?” 
“Really.” With that, Lan Sizhui laughed, surprisingly. “Qianbei, you and Hanguang-jun are so alike.” 
Wei Wuxian was amazed. “Alike? How?” 
They were clearly two drastically different people. Lan Sizhui did not answer but only smiled and exited, taking the rest of the boys with him.
I don’t know either, Lan Sizhui quietly thought to himself, but they feel very similar. It feels like there’s no need to be scared of anything if either one of them is around.
Xiao Xingchen fished a little red pill out of nowhere and swallowed it. “Such a moving display.” 
Once he ate the pill, the purplish-red color of his face faded rapidly. Wei Wuxian asked, “Corpse toxin antidote?” 
“Yes,” Xiao Xingchen replied. “Much more effective than that terrifying congee of yours, right? And it’s sweet too.” 
“Really quite the performance, sir,” Wei Wuxian complimented. “From the brave charge against the corpses that exhausted you so terribly, to blocking the blow meant for Jin Ling and losing consciousness—was that all an act for us?” 
Xiao Xingchen wagged a finger. “It wasn’t an act for ‘you,’ plural. It was for your eyes only. Very pleased to meet you, Yiling Patriarch. You are even more formidable than they say.” 
Wei Wuxian didn’t react to this, his face remaining neutral. 
Xiao Xingchen continued, “Let me guess. You still haven’t told anyone who you really are, correct? That’s why I didn’t even expose you. I told them to go out so we can talk privately behind closed doors. What do you think? Aren’t I considerate?” 
“You’re the one commanding all the walking corpses in Yi City?” Wei Wuxian questioned.
“Of course,” Xiao Xingchen replied. “The moment you entered and blew that whistle I sensed something strange about you, which was why I decided to come out personally to test you. As I suspected—a low-level spell like the Final Eyes Summoning could only have such power if it was cast by the founder.” 
They were both cultivators of the demonic path, so neither could deceive the eyes of a peer. Wei Wuxian asked, “So what exactly did you want from me, holding a bunch of kids hostage?”
Xiao Xingchen chuckled. “I just want to ask qianbei for a favor. A small favor.” 
What a mess of hierarchy, for his mother’s younger martial brother to defer to Wei Wuxian as his senior. Wei Wuxian was just laughing at this to himself when he saw Xiao Xingchen take out a spirit-trapping pouch and place it on the table. 
“Please.” 
Wei Wuxian set his hand on the spirit-trapping pouch, feeling it like he was checking for a pulse. A moment later, he asked, “Whose soul is this? It’s so shattered that not even glue could piece it back together. It’s only got a single breath left in it.” 
“If this soul were easily glued back together, why would I ask you for help?” Xiao Xingchen said.
Wei Wuxian withdrew his hand. “You want me to restore this? Excuse my bluntness, but the scant bit of soul in here is just not enough. Besides, this person must’ve been immensely tormented while they were alive, subject to excruciating pain. They likely killed themselves and don’t want to return to this world. If a soul has no desire to remain, it’s most likely unsalvageable. If I’m not wrong, this remaining fragment of soul was forcibly pieced together, and once it leaves the spirit-trapping pouch it could dissipate at any time. I’m sure you’re well aware of this.” 
“I’m not, and I don’t care,” Xiao Xingchen said. “You have to help whether you like it or not. Don’t forget, qianbei—those kids you brought here are all watching pitifully outside the door, waiting for you to lead them out of danger, hmm?”
His tone was quite peculiar. It sounded almost affectionate, a little sweet even, but it carried an unwarranted maliciousness. It was almost as if he could happily call someone “brother” and “qianbei” one second, then turn hostile and kill them the next.
Wei Wuxian chuckled too. “You are also more formidable than they say, sir. Xue Yang, you’re a perfectly fine thug, so why masquerade as a cultivator?” 
There was a pause. Then “Xiao Xingchen” raised his hands and removed the bandage over his eyes.
As layers of bandages fell, they revealed a pair of shining eyes as bright as stars.
A pair of perfectly intact eyes.
It was a young and pleasing face. He could be called handsome, but when he smiled it revealed a pair of canine teeth, making him simply adorable instead. That air of childlike innocence masked the mayhem and ruthlessness concealed behind his eyes.
Xue Yang tossed the bandage aside. “Oops, you found out.”
Wei Wuxian listed his observations. “Pretending to be in such frightful pain that no one with a conscience would be so impolite as to remove your bandage to inspect. Purposely showing a bit of Shuanghua. Purposely letting slip you’re a wandering Daoist. Not only do you know how to employ the trick of self-inflicted injury to gain the enemy’s trust, but you know how to manipulate other people’s sympathy too. What a fantastic show. Such cool and refined detachment, an excellent display of stern righteousness. If it weren’t for the fact that there was too much you shouldn’t have known and too much you shouldn’t have been able to do, I really would’ve believed you were Xiao Xingchen.” 
Moreover, during Inquiry, Song Lan’s answers to the last two questions had been “Xiao Xingchen” and “the one behind you.” If “the one behind you” was also Xiao Xingchen, there was no reason for Song Lan to change his wording…unless “Xiao Xingchen” and “the one behind you” were never the same person in the first place. Song Lan wanted to warn them that this man was very dangerous, but he was afraid they wouldn’t know who Xue Yang was if he said that name, so he had no other choice.
Xue Yang grinned happily. “It’s his fault for having such a good rep. Mine’s terrible. Of course I gotta pretend to be him if I want to gain others’ trust.” 
“What expert acting,” Wei Wuxian said.
“You flatter me,” Xue Yang replied. “I have a famous friend, you see. He’s the expert actor—I’m nowhere near his level. All right, enough chatter. Wei-qianbei, you have to help me with this.” 
“You made the long black nails controlling Song Lan and Wen Ning, right?” Wei Wuxian said. “If you can restore half of the Yin Tiger Tally, why ask me for help in repairing a mere soul?” 
“It’s not the same,” Xue Yang said. “You’re the founder. If you didn’t forge the first half of the Yin Tiger Tally, there’s no way I could’ve made the second half. Of course you’re better than me. Which means you must be able to do everything I can’t.” 
Wei Wuxian really couldn’t understand why people he didn’t know always possessed such baffling confidence in his abilities. He stroked his chin, not sure whether he should reciprocate this flattery among peers. 
“You’re too modest.”
“It’s not modesty, it’s the truth,” Xue Yang said. “I never exaggerate. If I say I’m going to kill someone’s entire family, I mean it. I won’t even spare the dog.” 
“The Chang Clan of Yueyang, for example?” Wei Wuxian said.
Before Xue Yang could respond, the doors suddenly burst open and a black shadow darted in.
Wei Wuxian and Xue Yang both backed away from the square table at the same time, Xue Yang snatching up the spirit-trapping pouch as he went. Song Lan lightly vaulted off the table with a hand, flipped in the air, and landed atop the table, letting it absorb the force of his landing. He then immediately looked to the doorway, black veins crawling up his cheeks.
Wen Ning, his body weighed down with chains, crashed heavily through the door. With him came a gust of white fog and black wind.
Wei Wuxian had sent out a summons for Wen Ning with the verses he’d played on his flute earlier. Now he instructed him, “Go fight outside. Don’t smash him to bits. Keep the living safe, and don’t let other walking corpses near.” 
Wen Ning raised his left hand, swinging a chain at Song Lan, who drew his whisk to parry. The two weapons clashed, tangling together. Wen Ning retreated, dragging the chain with him, and Song Lan didn’t let go so he was dragged out as well. The clan juniors had already hidden away in another nearby shop, watching unblinkingly with outstretched necks. A whisk, facing iron chains, facing a longsword—clink clank clink clank, sparks were flying everywhere. The only thought in their minds was that the showdown between these two fierce corpses was truly, incomparably ferocious. Every move was brutal, every punch battered flesh. Only fierce corpses could brawl like this. If these were two live humans, there would surely have been severed limbs or bashed-out brains by now!
“Guess who’s gonna win?” Xue Yang asked.
“Is there a need to guess? It’ll be Wen Ning for sure,” Wei Wuxian replied.
“It’s too bad he refused to be obedient, despite my hammering so many skull-piercing nails into him. It really is inconvenient when things prove to be too loyal.” 
Wei Wuxian blandly noted, “Wen Ning is no thing.” 
Xue Yang burst out laughing. “You know, what you said has a double meaning!” When he reached the word “has,” he suddenly drew his sword and lunged. 
Wei Wuxian dodged. “Do you always ambush people like this halfway through talking?” 
Xue Yang appeared surprised. “Of course? I’m a thug, you know this. It’s not like I want to kill you either. I just want to immobilize you and drag you back with me, and then you can take the time you need to help me restore this soul.” 
“I already said there’s nothing I can do,” Wei Wuxian said.
“C’mon, don’t be so quick to reject me,” Xue Yang said. “If you’re stumped, the two of us can put our heads together!”
He attacked again mid-sentence. Wei Wuxian dodged and evaded the attacks, stepping over ground covered with paper effigy shreds, and thought, This little thug… His form really isn’t too bad. Seeing Xue Yang’s sword swinging with increasing speed, aiming for progressively more artful and sinister targets, he couldn’t help but say: 
“Are you taking advantage of the fact that this body of mine is weak in spiritual power?” 
“Yeah!” Xue Yang admitted happily.
Wei Wuxian had finally met someone even more shameless than him. He tittered right back. “When they say you should ‘offend a good man rather than offend a thug,’ they’re talking about people like you. I’m not fighting you. Find someone else.” 
Xue Yang said with a gleeful grin, “Find who? That Hanguang-jun? I got over three hundred walking corpses to outflank him. He…”
Before he finished, a streak of white descended from the sky, and the icy cold, clear blue light of Bichen came striking at him.
Like an enveloping blanket of frost, Lan Wangji shielded Wei Wuxian. Xue Yang flung out Shuanghua to help him block Bichen’s strike. The two famous swords clashed, then each flew back to the hands of their owners. 
“Better to arrive in the nick of time than to arrive early, huh?” Wei Wuxian said.
“Mn.”
As soon as Lan Wangji replied, he continued crossing swords with Xue Yang. While Xue Yang had been chasing Wei Wuxian all over the shop earlier, he was now being beaten back again and again by Lan Wangji. Seeing the situation turning against him, an idea came to Xue Yang, and his lips curled. He suddenly switched Shuanghua to his left hand and thrust the right inside his qiankun sleeve. Wei Wuxian tensed, thinking he might hurl some kind of powdered toxin at them or draw a secret weapon, but what he shook out instead was a longsword. Xue Yang attacked them again, seamlessly dual-wielding both blades.
The longsword he’d pulled from his sleeve had an eerie, gloomy glare. When swung, it emitted strands of black qi, making a stark contrast against the cool, bright silver of Shuanghua. Xue Yang lunged with both swords, the left and right flowing in perfect harmony, and his assault was immediately intensified. 
“Jiangzai?” Lan Wangji thought aloud.
“Huh? Hanguang-jun knows this sword? What an honor,” Xue Yang said, feigning shock.
Jiangzai, meaning “to call forth disaster,” was Xue Yang’s own sword. True to both its name and its master, it was an ominous sword that called forth death and destruction.
Wei Wuxian interrupted to comment, “Well, isn’t that name just a perfect match for you?” 
“Stand back,” Lan Wangji said. “You are not needed here.” 
Wei Wuxian humbly took his advice and backed off. He backed all the way to the entrance and took a peek outside. Wen Ning was in the middle of stoically strangling Song Lan, lifting the man by his neck and slamming him into the wall, creating a giant man-shaped hole in the process. Song Lan, also expressionless, seized Wen Ning’s wrist and flipped him over, crashing him into the ground. Loud, incessant bangs and booms accompanied the battle between the two stone-faced fierce corpses. Neither side could feel pain, nor were they afraid of injuries. Unless they were cut to pieces, they could keep fighting no matter how many limbs they broke. 
“There doesn’t seem to be a need for me here either,” Wei Wuxian mumbled to himself.
Suddenly, he noticed Lan Jingyi waving wildly at him from inside the pitch-black shop across the street. Ha! They must need me there, at least!
He had just left when Bichen’s glare grew by magnitudes. In a split second, Xue Yang’s hand slipped and Shuanghua dropped from his grip. Lan Wangji took the chance and caught the sword. Seeing Shuanghua had fallen into the hands of another, Jiangzai struck straight for the arm Lan Wangji had used to take it. The strike was unsuccessful, and a chilling fury flashed in Xue Yang’s eyes. 
He bit out darkly, “Give me the sword.” 
“You are unworthy of it,” Lan Wangji stated.
Xue Yang sneered.
Wei Wuxian walked over to where the clan juniors were and was immediately surrounded by the group of boys. He asked aloud, “Everyone okay?” 
“Yes!” 
“We all listened and held our breath.” 
“Good,” Wei Wuxian said. “If any of you don’t listen, then I’ll make more glutinous rice congee for the culprits to eat.” 
The few who’d already experienced the taste nearly retched. Just then, footsteps sounded all around them. Silhouettes began to come into view at the end of the long street. 
Lan Wangji also heard the sound. With a wave of his sleeve, he flipped out his guqin, Wangji, and slammed it down flat on the table. He tossed Bichen into his left hand and continued to fight Xue Yang, the will of the sword undiminished. Even while keeping up the assault, he raised his right hand and swept his fingers over the strings.
The strings strummed, resounding far down to the ends of the street. What echoed back was the strange yet familiar noise of the walking corpses’ heads exploding. Lan Wangji continued to parry Xue Yang with one hand while playing the guqin with the other. He swept a cool look around, unflustered and composed as he plucked at the strings, striking simultaneously with both left hand and right.
In spite of himself, Jin Ling blurted out, “Awesome!” 
He’d seen Jianzzg Cheng and Jin Guangyao cut down yao beasts during Night Hunts and believed his two uncles were the strongest of all the distinguished cultivators in the world. He had always been more scared than reverent of Lan Wangji, afraid of his silencing spell and cold temper. But at this moment, he couldn’t help but feel great admiration for the man’s bearing. 
Lan Jingyi was pleased. “Uh-huh. Of course Hanguang-jun is awesome; he just doesn’t like to flaunt it everywhere. He’s super low-profile, am I right?!” 
The “am I right” was directed at Wei Wuxian, who was perplexed. “Why ask me? What’s that got to do with me?” 
Lan Jingyi grew upset. “You don’t think Hanguang-jun is awesome?!” 
Wei Wuxian stroked his chin. “Mm, yes, awesome, of course. Super amazing. The most formidable!” 
As he spoke, he couldn’t help but laugh as well.
This hair-raising night of peril was about to pass, day was about to break. However, that wasn’t good news. The morning’s light meant the evil miasma would thicken, and when that happened, moving around would become quite difficult again!
It wouldn’t be so bad if it were only Wei Wuxian and Lan Wangji. But with this many live humans, escape would be difficult once they were surrounded by a large number of walking corpses—even if they sprouted wings. Just when Wei Wuxian’s mind was spinning, trying to devise a plan, the crisp sound of a bamboo pole hitting the ground came again. Ka-ka, da-da.
The blind, tongueless phantom girl had come again! 
Wei Wuxian made the decision right then and there. “Go!” 
“Go where?” Lan Jingyi asked.
“Follow the sound of the bamboo pole,” Wei Wuxian said.
Jin Ling was slightly shocked. “You want us to follow a phantom? Who knows where she’ll take us?!” 
“That’s right. Follow her,” Wei Wuxian repeated. “That sound has been following you ever since you entered the city, correct? You were heading into the city center but were being led back to the city gates when you ran into us. She was trying to drive you out. She was trying to save you!” 
The strange, mysterious sound of the bamboo pole—sometimes distant, sometimes close—was her way of scaring the living who entered the city. But the intent to scare wasn’t necessarily malicious. The paper Yin Muscleman head Wei Wuxian’s foot had caught back then might also have been something she’d thrown there to warn and frighten them. 
Wei Wuxian added, “And last night, she was clearly trying to tell us something urgent. She just couldn’t express it. But the moment Xue Yang arrived, she vanished. She was most likely hiding from him. Either way, they’re definitely not working together.” 
“Xue Yang?! Why is there a Xue Yang too? Wasn’t it Xiao Xingchen and Song Lan?” 
“Uh, I’ll explain that later. Long story short, the one fighting with Hanguang-jun in there isn’t Xiao Xingchen, it’s Xue Yang impersonating him.” 
The bamboo pole was still beating the ground, making that da-da sound—as if waiting, as if urging. If they followed her, they might walk into a trap. If they didn’t, they would be surrounded by walking corpses spewing corpse toxin, which was hardly any safer. The group of boys resolved to dash after the ground-beating sound with Wei Wuxian. Sure enough, as soon as they started moving the sound moved too. At times they could see a hazy, delicate little shadow in the thin fog ahead, and at times nothing was visible.
Lan Jingyi ran for a while, then asked, “Are we taking off just like that?” 
Wei Wuxian turned his head back and yelled, “Hanguang-jun, I’m leaving this in your hands. We’re going on ahead!” 
The strings answered with a beng, sounding very much like someone uttered a “mn,” and Wei Wuxian laughed out loud.
“That’s it? Nothing else?” Lan Jingyi asked.
“What? What more do you want me to say?” Wei Wuxian said.
“Why didn’t you say ‘I’m worried about you, I’m staying!’? Then he’d say ‘Leave!’ Then you’d cry back ‘No! I’m not leaving! If we have to leave, we leave together!’ Isn’t that the script?” 
Wei Wuxian spluttered. “Who taught you that? Who said that sort of exchange has to take place? Never mind me—can you imagine your clan’s Hanguang-jun saying anything of the sort?”
The Lan juniors all mumbled, “No…” 
“Right? It’s a waste of time,” Wei Wuxian said. “Your clan’s Hanguang-jun is such a dependable individual, I’m positive he can handle it just fine. I just gotta focus on doing what I gotta do and either wait for him to come find me or vice versa.” 